0,"180 Degrees Consulting","Academic Interests","The University of Texas at Dallas branch of 180 Degrees Consulting was founded in Fall 2018. We began as a handful of students wanting to make an impact in our local community. Now, we are an organization of dozens of students working with leading non-profits and social ventures at the local, national, and international level. We aim to revolutionize and bring change to ultimately make the world a better place. "
1,"200percent","Arts and Music","The purpose of 200%, as a K-pop performance group, is to provide the students of UT Dallas with the opportunity to participate in learning and performing various K-pop dances. Our covers are filmed and uploaded onto our YouTube channel. 200% members also have the opportunity to, not only collaborate with other K-pop dance groups, but also perform at live events. Our mission is to provide a safe, comfortable community of shared interest and cultural diversity of UT Dallas and its students."
2,"Aaja Nachle","Art and Music","UTD Aaja Nachle is a dance competition that is hosted by UTD Students to bring south Asian students together and embrace various styles of South Asian Fusion dance."
3,"AAPG & SEG Student Chapter","Educational/Departmental","AAPG & SEG Student Chapter brings together a group of like-minded individuals who share a common interest in geology geophysics. Providing opportunities for leadership, achievement, and cultivation of ideas, AAPG & SEG Student Chapters open the door for students to actively participate in projects and initiatives that promote the science of geology and geophysics."
4,"Accessible Prosthetics Initiative UT Dallas Chapter","Academic Interests","Our mission is to increase access to prosthetic technologies and care. We emphasize serving populations who do not have access to care through other avenues. API tackles this goal in a holistic manner through community outreach, accessible device design, and educational initiatives."
5,"Actuarial Student Association","Departmental/Educational","The ASA is an educational organization dedicated to students interested in pursuing a career in actuarial science with the purpose of preparing students for their future career by supporting exam progression and promoting professional development through leadership opportunities, mentorship, and networking. "
6,"Advocates for Sexual Health","Academic Interests; Services; Special Interest; Social ;Political","Advocates for Sexual Health values the sexual health of all individuals and understands that sexual health includes emotional, psychological, and physical dimensions. We strive to provide inclusive sex positive education, giving UT Dallas students the information and skills they need to navigate their interpersonal and intrapersonal relationships."
7,"African Student Union","Cultural","ASU strives to provide a place for those of the African diaspora and our supporters to discuss what our lives are like here on campus and build community amongst ourselves. Through community-building activities such as holding general meetings and hosting events, we hope to educate more people on our community and bring more people together. "
8,"Afro Hair Association","Educational","To support afro-textured hair, so everyone can be comfortable with the hair they were born with. As well as supporting our communities & socializing with others to spread awareness. Although it’s called the Afro Hair Association, we are not going be just be about hair. We intend to use the organization as a way to help those in need, clean the community, uplift the community through supporting one another, and remove the stigma surrounding Afro-textured hair in the workplace and schools."
9,"Agaram Tamil Student Association","Cultural; Services; social","1) To empower and to leave an impact on the Tamil community through programs, fundraisers, volunteering, spreading awareness of human rights, and acknowledging our history at The University of Texas at Dallas.  2) To serve as a forum that brings together Tamil students, students affiliated with the Tamil language, and people interested in Tamil together through various social activities, volunteering opportunities, and traditional events.  3) To focus on providing services such as food drives, workshops, and fundraisers while being educational in terms of promoting the culture’s language and arts.  4) To organize events that are welcoming to all, as opportunities to bring together Tamil people.  5) To maintain a respectful and friendly community that Tamil students can feel a part of within The University of Texas at Dallas.  6) To help fellow Tamil students and create an inspiring image to encourage younger Tamil students towards their future endeavors."
10,"Ahlul Bayt Student Organization","Religious; Social","The Ahlul-Bayt Student Association’s mission is to cater primarily, although not exclusively, to the needs of the Shi’a students at The University of Texas at Dallas while simultaneously representing their collective voices and pursuing their ideals."
11,"Ahmadiyya Muslim Students Association","Religious","Description: To further the message of the International Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, through activities and events, based on the motto, “Love for all, hatred for none”.  The mission statement of the AMSA is to spread awareness and general appreciation of Islam and its true doctrines to all Muslims and non-Muslims alike, as well as humanitarian services to all regardless of creed, color, race, or religion. The AMSA shall also work to spread peace, tolerance, and understanding, in the UTD community.  The purpose of the AMSA is as follows: a. To provide a better understanding of Islam and clarify misconceptions surrounding it, in conjunction with promoting peaceful co-existence with all individuals regardless of race, creed, or religion and providing humanitarian service to better serve the university and local community. b. Organize events benefitting the students, faculty, and greater community including but not limited to blood drives, charitable fundraising, and disaster assistance. c. Organize events approved and initiated by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community and/or Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth Association, governing executive body of this local chapter of AMSA, such as interfaith seminars to promote religious harmony, tolerance, and respect for all students, faculty, and community members regardless of their beliefs."
12,"Airsoft Club","Sports","Our purpose is to enable any student interested in the sport to be able to play Airsoft in a safe and knowledgeable environment. The club will enhance members' communication effectiveness, situational awareness, and technical skills. This club accepts any and all students, with no level of fitness or experience required.   "
13,"Akshaya Patra UTD","Service","Akshaya Patra is a non-profit organization that runs a lunch program in Indian schools. The organization is central to countless Indian communities, helping impoverished children embrace their education and sustain healthy growth. Through this club, we hope to raise money and help extend Akshaya Patra??s positive influence to even more kids."
14,"Algorithmic Computing Club","Educational/Departmental","The purpose of the Algorithmic Computing Club is to provide a space where any student at UTD can hone their problem-solving, technical communication and coding skills by solving computational problems, particularly from Leetcode, participate in programming contests such as Advent of Code, practice Mock Interviews with their peers, attend Fireside Chats with Interns and Full Time employees in Research and the Technology Industry, as well as receive feedback, share resume advice for technical positions, and discuss software-related internships, research opportunities and full-time positions. Our leadership team are experienced UTD students who have got offers from a diverse group of technology companies, and understand the importance of practicing computational problems on a regular basis.  Our mission is to meet regularly with fellow students at UTD and improve our technical skills together."
15,"Allies4Children","Social; Academic Interests; Educational/Departmental","We are a fundraising and service organization at UTD, partnered with Children's Health Medical Center. We are dedicated to supporting low-income families and children in the Dallas and surrounding areas by bringing college students together to volunteer, fundraise, advocate, and provide community service."
16,"Alopecia Awareness Organization","Services; social","This organization aims to bring awareness and educate others on Alopecia and its varieties. Additionally, this organization will act as a support group for those impacted by this hair loss condition."
17,"Alpha Epsilon Delta","Honor Society","Alpha Epsilon Delta is the National Health Preprofessional Honor Society dedicated to the encouragement and recognition of excellence in preprofessional health scholarship, including medicine, dentistry, veterinary, and others. The Society welcomes ALL students engaged in the pursuit of a professional healthcare career. AED offers opportunities for intellectual and professional development, provides a forum for students with common interests, and extends a program of service to benefit the college/university community. Alpha Epsilon Delta is affiliated with the American Association for the Advancement of Science and is a member of the Association of College Honor Societies."
18,"Alpha Eta Mu Beta","University Department","Alpha Eta Mu Beta is an honor society that was created to recognize excellence in the field of biomedical engineering."
19,"Alpha Kappa Psi","Fraternity and Sorority Life","AKPsi is the oldest and largest professional business fraternity in the nation with over 350 chapters in 4 countries. Our fraternity prides itself on being the premier developer of principled business leaders - with an emphasis on “principled.” All Brothers of AKPsi strive to live by our 5 core values: Brotherhood, Service, Integrity, Unity, and Knowledge. The Mu Rho Chapter aims to illuminate these values in all Brothers through our unique pledge program, in which we aim to develop the foundations of the business world, fundamentals of leadership, but also, and perhaps most importantly, what it means to be a Brother. "
20,"Alpha Omega Campus Ministry","Religious","We are a diverse, non-denominational church community devoted to spreading the word of God at UTD."
21,"Alpha Phi Omega - Alpha Epsilon Zeta","Services","Mission: To be a pillar of leadership by encouraging and promoting service through brotherhood.   Purpose: The purpose of Alpha Phi Omega shall be to assemble college students in a national service fraternity in the fellowship of principles derived from the scout oath and law of the Boy Scouts of America; to develop leadership, to promote friendship and to provide service to humanity; and tp further the freedom that is our national, educational and intellectual heritage.  Description: We are a national co-ed service fraternity"
22,"Alpha Psi Nu Chapter of Sigma Tau Delta","Honor Society","The purposes of the Society shall be literary (reading, writing, and speaking) and educational. The Society shall strive to • confer distinction for high achievement in English language and literature in undergraduate, graduate, and professional studies; • provide cultural stimulation on UTD’s campus and promote interest in literature, writing, and the English language in the surrounding communities; • foster all aspects of the discipline of English, including literature, language, and writing; • promote exemplary character and good fellowship among its Members; • exhibit high standards of academic excellence; and • serve society by fostering literacy. The Alpha Psi Nu Chapter will pursue the Sigma Tau Delta mission."
23,"Alzheimer's Foundation of America at UTD ","Academic Interests","The Alzheimer's Foundation of America On Campus Chapter at the University of Texas at Dallas strives to educate UTD students and the community about Alzheimer's disease and research. We advocate for Alzheimer's disease patients and caregivers. We also volunteer at local nursing homes and serve those with Alzheimer's disease. Our organization emphasizes leadership, service, and community service. Please visit our linktree if you are interested in learning more: https://linktr.ee/utdafa"
24,"AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF AERONAUTICS AND ASTRONAUTICS UTD","Educational/Departmental","AEROSPACE ENGINEERING AT UTD! The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics provides students with aerospace workshops, projects, and mentorships."
25,"American Institute of Graphic Arts UTD","Educational/departmental","AIGA, the American Institute of Graphic Arts, is a professional organization for designers. We are a creative and unique flock that strives to advance design as a creative cultural force!"
26,"American Lung Cancer Screening Initiative","Services","We are a nonprofit organization dedicating to promote the early detection of lung cancer and lung cancer screening through various means"
27,"American Marketing Association","Educational/Departmental","UTD's AMA local chapter helps students build valuable skills in marketing and provides them with the opportunity to engage with a larger network of professionals.  The UTD chapter of the American Marketing Association strives to aid in connecting future marketers with one another. It also provides a way for those who are interested in the marketing field a way to learn more about it and gain the experience that they desire.  AMA's mission is to help connect future marketers with the resources and the people that may aid in their success."
28,"American Medical Women's Association at UT Dallas","Educational/Departmental","AMWA UTD is an organization dedicated to the personal development of women who are pursuing health-orientated careers. The mission is to advance women in medicine, advocate for equity, and ensure excellence in health care. The purpose is to create a healthier world where women physicians achieve equity in the medical profession and realize their full potential. "
29,"American Muslim Women Physician Association at UT Dallas","Academic Interests","The American Muslim Women Physician Association is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that empowers women through improving their health, welfare and brings Muslim women doctors, dentists and healthcare professionals in communication with each other for encouragement and camaraderie. The mission of the American Muslim Women Physicians Association at UT Dallas is to improve the condition of women’s health, provide a platform for Muslim women in medicine, and raise awareness of issues regarding community welfare. The UTD chapter aims to promote networking and leadership among students pursuing a career in medicine through research opportunities and preventive health campaigns."
30,"American Red Cross Club at The University of Texas at Dallas","Academic Interests","Red Cross UTD is dedicated to promoting awareness of the humanitarian goals of the American Red Cross by participating as a student chapter in the DFW Metroplex. We aim to contribute to the prevention and alleviation of suffering in the face of disaster while upholding the American Red Cross Code of Conduct and the seven Fundamental Principles of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies."
31,"American Society of Mechanical Engineers","Educational/Departmental","The American Society of Mechanical Engineers is so much more than a professional and social organization. We pride ourselves on creating a unique, exciting environment that embraces all types of students and help promotes forming connections between UTD engineering students and preparing them for their future careers. "
32,"Analytics on In-Memory Database(AIMDB)","Educational/Departmental","Our primary goal is to provide members with a comprehensive understanding of the intricate nature of In-Memory Database mechanisms. We delve into crucial aspects, including hardware requirements, configurations, and the study of equipment and processes associated with big data and analytics within the IMDB framework."
33,"Anim3","Social; Special Interest","The name of this club is Anim3, or A3 for short. The purpose of this club is to enjoy watching and discussing anime and related things. The four mandatory officer positions are President, Vice President, Secretary, and Treasurer. An additional officer for the position of event coordinator or web director is also mandatory, and which role to choose can be decided based on club needs or personnel. The club has weekly meetings. A standard meeting is watching the first episode of three different anime. Event meetings are when we do anything different. Officer meetings are once a week. They decide the contents of the next club meeting."
34,"Anime Orchestra Ensemble","Art and Music","AOE is a student-led orchestra that focuses on anime and video game music. Our mission is: “To give people the opportunity to perform non-traditional orchestral music primarily sourced from anime and video games.” and “To provide a vibrant community within which fans of various series can meet, connect, and further explore their favorite genres.”"
35,"Arab Student Association ","Cultural","Our organization aims to unite and serve the Arab community on campus while educating the UTD student body about the Arab culture. We will serve and accommodate to all students, Arab and non-Arab alike, promote Arab culture and heritage, adding diversity to the UTD community. "
36,"Arters and Crafters of UTD","Art and Music","We support a community of artists seeking to start an independent business. By promoting and supporting a variety of different art mediums, we give artists the confidence they need to get invested in art, improve their skills, and potentially start an independent career in art."
37,"Artificial Intelligence M.D.","Academic Interests; Educational/Departmental","We are a group of students excited to bridge the gap between medicine and technology, creating a vibrant platform for students passionate about both fields to come together. Additionally, not only do we want to create a platform from which medical and technology based students can leap off of, but also one where students from a diverse array of academic backgrounds can learn and develop an interest in the fields. Our mission is to foster innovation, interdisciplinary collaboration, and the exchange of knowledge among students interested in the intersection of medicine and technology. In other words: to bring students from these two very different but intersecting fields together in their quest for knowledge. We plan to facilitate this through a variety of events, from guest speakers in the field to relevant workshops, hackathons, and much much more."
38,"Artificial Intelligence Society","Educational/Departmental","The Artificial Intelligence Society is one of the largest computer science organizations at the University of Texas at Dallas. We are a team of passionate individuals, devoted to bridging the gap between people's awareness and the world of AI. Our mission is to promote artificial intelligence education at UT Dallas and in the surrounding communities.  We have placed educational outreach as one of our main priorities, to inspire others to learn more about AI past the resources our organization provides. Regardless of age, major, or experience, we believe that a simple appreciation of artificial intelligence will become necessary as this technology advances. If you stick with us, we promise to replace your fear with passion, and complexity with simplicity."
39,"Artificial Intelligence Student Collective at UT Dallas","University Department","AISC aims to foster an accessible and comprehensive understanding of AI among all students. We provide pre-professional programs, events, and industry connections, all under the auspices of Humans for AI, a global non-profit organization. We strive to prepare an informed future in AI by offering professional development opportunities, hosting impactful events, and facilitating corporate networking."
40,"Ascend UTD","Social ; Educational/Departmental; Academic Interests","The University of Texas at Dallas chapter of Ascend is one of the largest student chapters of the national Ascend organization. We are committed to fostering the next generation of Pan-Asian leaders in finance, accounting, and business as a whole. We seek to provide leadership training, ongoing resume and interview critiques, company visits, networking events, and professional/ technical development opportunities to supplement formal university education."
41,"Asian Artists Association","Art and Music","Asian Artists Association, or AAA for short, is a new space for marginalized individuals of Asian-American, Pacific Islander, or similar descent to gather and converse, as well as develop their artistic skills. AAA is a community, more-so than an on-campus club or campus-affiliated organization, in which artists from the Dallas area and beyond can continue to grow and help others.  An organization specifically made for Asian-American artists does not yet exist on campus, or in the Dallas area. This organization seeks to bridge the gap between Asian student associations and career oriented clubs.  What AAA is: - A space for artists to collaborate, share ideas, and improve their craft - A place for students to study and help each other out  - a place for careers to grow and connections to be made  - A safe space for queer and gender-non-conforming interaction"
42,"Asian Student Organization ","Cultural","The mission of this student-led organization shall be to create a community in which students of all backgrounds may celebrate and promote Asian culture. This organization’s vision is based on the fundamental principles of inclusion, diversity, preservation, and collective growth. "
43,"Association for Computing Machinery","Educational/Departmental","We're a team of students with one goal: building a greater, more collaborative computing community at The University of Texas at Dallas. We offer several semester-long programs to help UTD students hone their computer science skills including Projects, Research, Mentor Program, and Technical Interview Prep (TIP). We also have teams that work with our sponsors, team-bonding events, create our marketing, and run HackUTD, the largest hackathon in Texas and the second largest in the US."
44,"Association for Information Systems","Special Interest","AIS promotes excellence in tech fields through providing members professional & technical workshops, access to industry speakers, spaces to network, and opportunities for internships. We aim to inspire students to find their passion and exist to help students accomplish that."
45,"Association of Brazilian Students","Cultural","The mission of the Organization shall be to bring the Brazilian community to campus and share its cultural values and social events with anyone interested in being part of the organization. Its goal also includes having weekly Portuguese practice times to help members practice both Portuguese and English."
46,"Association of Digital Music Creators ","Art and Music","The Association of Digital Music Creators (ADMC) is an organization where those who are interested in creating digital music have a community. If you are interested in music production, audio engineering, beat making, songwriting, vocalist, artists, bassists, drummer, pianist, etc.… If you are inclined to make any type of song or any piece of music on a DAW this is the place. Our mission is to create a community where people feel comfortable sharing their ideas with one another. A place where people don't discriminate between bad or good ideas rather they just build off of one another. A community where people work together to create innovative, unique sounding projects learning along the way with the help of peers around them. The purpose of this organization is for those people who are curious and want to learn more about the field of music production and digital music to have a community. It's for the people who have ideas but need help bringing them to life sonically, or for those who simply want to be apart of a creative environment. We believe that as musicians we can learn more and discover new grounds a lot quicker working together than we can working by ourselves, and the growth that can come with that is the purpose of this organization"
47,"Association of Energy Engineers","Educational/Departmental","The AEE is committed to providing a platform for anyone interested in sustainability. We aim to allow students with this common ground to collaborate, socialize and share ideas and such regarding energy management, and do so through meaningful projects, collaborative events and networking with industry professionals. We are open to every and any major, and strive to serve our students with a fun way to share the topic of sustainability together."
48,"Association of International Energy Negotiators","Educational/Departmental","Our mission is to provide students with valuable networking resources and opportunities for learning more about our energy and oil industry."
49,"Association of Latin American Students","Cultural","ALAS is an organization founded to raise awareness of Latin American culture and is open to all nationalities & cultures. Our mission is to create a place where everyone can socialize and simply be themselves. Our purpose is to help diverse students become adjusted to the UT-Dallas community.  "
50,"Association of Latino Professionals For America","Academic Interests","Mission: The Association of Latino Professionals for America at UT Dallas (ALPFA UTD) is an all-major inclusive business organization aiming to connect Latino leaders for impact. Everyone is welcome to join us as we work with our chapter to reach our mission to empower and develop leaders of character for the nation in every sector of the global economy.   Purpose: Through our relationship, skill, and talent-building events, workshops, and programs, we focus on helping the ambitious students at UT Dallas to achieve their goals. We initiate and facilitate corporate recruiting, develop and maintain employer relationships, and track student placements "
51,"Association of Women in Psychology","Educational/Departmental","Our mission is to provide a platform in which women pursuing careers in the many fields of psychology are encouraged to share their personal endeavors as they receive support and guidance from peers with similar goals.  TAWP emphasizes the interaction between feminism and Psychology, and the role that female empowerment plays in the academic and career-related success of psychology students. Although we were founded with a focus on women pursuing a career in the many fields of psychology, we are inclusive of all genders and majors. Anyone is welcome who is interested in learning more/finding a community that shares these ideas."
52,"Astronomy and Cosmology Society ","Special Interest","Our mission is to create and connect a community of students fascinated by the cosmos. We are a special interest club for anyone interested in astronomy, astrophysics, cosmology, etc."
53,"Atoms and Ions Biochemistry Club","Educational/Departmental","We strive to support our members by creating a friendly academic-based community among fellow biochemistry and other science students while expanding knowledge, developing skills, maximizing resources, and discovering opportunities. "
54,"Aviation Association UTD","Special Interest","The Aviation Club is a vibrant community of aviation enthusiasts and professionals united by a shared love for the skies. Our club is dedicated to fostering a deep appreciation for the world of aviation and aims to provide its members with unique opportunities to explore, learn, and connect. We are committed to promoting safety, continuous education, and networking within the aviation industry, ensuring that our members not only enjoy their journey through the clouds but also contribute positively to the aviation community. Come soar with us as we celebrate the art and science of aviation, embark on thrilling adventures, and reach for new heights in the world of flight."
55,"Awaazein","Art and Music","Awaazein is the premiere National South Asian A Cappella competition in the Southern United States. "
56,"AWS Cloud Club","Academic Interest; Educational/Departmental; Special Interest","The AWS Cloud Club is an official AWS club which is student-driven and focused on teaching cloud via AWS technologies.  The goal of this club is to cover important cloud topics related to security, AI, business analytics, business transformation, etc. in order to better understand AWS and its various use cases. We will provide hands-on ways for students to apply their cloud skills to solve community problems, innovate using cloud services, and get opportunities to hear from people in the cloud industry to deepen their understanding of how cloud works in the real world."
57,"Baha i Club","Religious","The purpose of this club shall be to further the tenets of the Baha'i Faith, to invite those interested to investigate the faith for themselves; to promote the unity of mankind; and to foster understanding, love and fellowship on this campus by sponsoring such things as lectures, information tables, service projects, discussions, informal gatherings, social activities, and public meetings. This club shall not endorse any partisan or political group on a campus level or otherwise, and shall remain not-for-profit add non-commercial in nature."
58,"Baking for a Cause ","Recreation","Our mission is to bake desserts and donate them to homeless shelters and women's shelters in the Dallas area, all while providing members a relaxing, friendly environment to give back to their community. All skill levels are welcome, and we aim to be as inclusive and welcoming as we can, allowing members to learn how to bake and even possibly make new friends."
59,"Bangladeshi Student Organization","Cultural","The main purpose of the organization is to exhibit the rich and beautiful tradition and to extend the cultural perspective of Bangladesh, primarily to but not limited to the University of Texas at Dallas. Other purposes of the organization include: - Offer guidance and support to incoming Bangladeshi students coming to UT Dallas. This might apply to facilities like transit, housing, and others. - Encourage communication and engagement between the group's members and the UT Dallas community. - Increase student participation through volunteering on campus and in the community. - Make an effort to help Bangladesh through fundraising, student scholarships, or other means. - Develop leadership, event management, networking, and self-reliance abilities among BSO members. - Address the difficulties that existing BSO members are experiencing and offer them assistance if needed. - In order for students to enhance their life while pursuing higher education at UT Dallas, act as a voice of the members to express their rights, needs, interests, and opinions to the faculty, staff, and administration. - This organization falls under SOC in the “cultural” category. has context menu"
60,"BAPS Campus Fellowship","Religious","Religious organization that strives to preserve Hindu ideals through individual development by instilling values, promoting spirituality, and nurturing growth."
61,"Baptist Student Ministry","Religious","BSM exists to \"proclaim him (Jesus) who called us out of darkness into his marvelous light\" (1 Peter 2:9). We seek to share the love of Christ with the campus and invite students to explore Christianity with us. "
62,"Best Buddies UTD","Educational/Departmental","Best Buddies International is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to establishing a global volunteer movement that creates opportunities for one-to-one friendships, integrated employment, leadership development, and inclusive living for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD)."
63,"Between the Lines UTD","Academic Interests","Between the Lines UTD is dedicated to facilitating interesting conversations in an inclusive environment through leisure reading at UT Dallas."
64,"Big Data Club","Educational/Departmental","Big Data Club (BDC) is a professional student organization at The University of Texas at Dallas that aims to empower the community of enthusiastic data learners through fun and interactive events"
65,"Bioethics UTD","Academic Interests","The purpose of this educational organization is to foster discussion regarding ethical issues currently present and in the future of the biological sciences. This organization will allow UTD students to learn about ethical debates in a healthy environment to have a more educated opinion about contemporary issues."
66,"Biology Graduate Student Council","Educational/Departmental","The mission statement for the Biology Graduate Student council is to act as an official platform to - • Foster professional development and social interaction among biology graduate students • Provide an environment of support to address the needs and concerns of students • Represent graduate students and incorporate their input in departmental decision-making"
67,"Biomedical Engineering Graduate Student Association","University Department","The BMEN GSA group is a support network for all graduate students majoring in biomedical engineering (BMEN) as they progress towards completion of their degree. The group aims to help students with department-specific issues that they may face while completing a graduate degree such as difficulty completing coursework, selecting appropriate committee members, designing and planning experimental procedures related to dissertation or thesis research, arranging travel for conferences, and other similar concerns. The group also hosts panel discussions, technical talks, research presentation seminars, and fellowship application planning and peer-review to assist graduate students with planning their future career path and developing additional skills beyond those gained through coursework and research training as part of their degree"
68,"Biomedical Engineering Society","Academic Interests","UTD BMES works to provide a fee-free professional organization tailored towards Biomedical Engineering students at UT Dallas. BMES promotes the profession of biomedical engineering through the organized effort of this group to study, research, and discuss the many fields of biomedical engineering. We provide various resources for students in the major such as tutoring and resume workshops, volunteer within the community, and feature alumni guests or bioengineering staff at our monthly meetings to talk about their fields. "
69,"Black Graduate Student Association","Cultural","The mission of the Black Graduate Student Association is to promote an environment for Black students and students of African descent to facilitate and cultivate a safe space and establish a community that bolsters the advancement of Black representation throughout all professional realms.   The purpose of the BGSA is to foster a community amongst Black graduates and professional students at The University of Texas at Dallas. The BGSA aims to provide a network for all graduate students of the Black/African Diaspora to be supported through the completion of their degree and promote academic excellence. Graduate students may express ideas, concerns, and grievances in a safe space. This organization shall create opportunities for social activities, leadership, professional development, and mentoring among the University of Texas at Dallas community and surrounding city. BGSA will also serve as a voice and advocate for the Black graduate and professional students at The University of Texas at Dallas.   We hold monthly social activities, professional development activities, mentorship programs through professional and undergraduate relationships, and various community service opportunities. "
70,"Black Student Alliance","Social","The Black Student Alliance serves to provide Black students and allies a community, brave space, and the opportunity to create change. Our mission is to work toward a future of diversity, equity, and inclusion."
71,"Black Students for Public Health","Educational/Departmental","Mission: The mission of Black Students for Public Health at the University of Texas at Dallas is to educate, prepare and provide underrepresented health students with hands-on experience to tackle such health disparities through workshops, community engagements, and networking opportunities that will promote public health equity and racial justice in our community.  Purpose: The purpose of this organization is to create an environment for underrepresented minority students to succeed as future Public Health leaders in order to cultivate and foster a space to address the structural inequalities within the healthcare system through public health initiatives. As a means of acting on this purpose, the organization will provide the following resources: • Networking - Building and cultivating relationships between members and their peers as a means to develop a strong support system; also, provide opportunities for students to grow their professional network with public health personnels. • Workshops - Provide educational and interactive sessions for students to grow their knowledge in public health literacy, partake in pertinent group activities, and foster fruitful dialogues amongst like-minded students. › Community Engagements - Introduce students to hands-on opportunities and exposure into dealing with the public health crisis that negatively impacts the black community. Also, partaking in community and local-based interventions in the DEW area as a means to reduce health inequalities in underserved communities. Description: The name of this organization shall be called: Black Students for Public Health and/or referred to as \"BSP\". The official colors of this organization shall be: Black, White, and Periwinkle Blue"
72,"Board Gaming Club","Special Interest","This club exists to provide a reliable place for those interested in playing board games. The club is categorized by the SOC as a recreational club. We meet every Saturday at 2:00 PM in GR 4.301, everyone is welcome regardless of experience or interest. For the most up-to-date information join our discord https://discord.gg/UMgx86KuPV !"
73,"Bujo Buddies UTD","Art and Music","Description: Bujo Buddies UTD is an organization centered around the hobby of bullet journaling, which is a beloved organizational tool and creative outlet that allows people to express their artistic talents through drawing, scrapbooking, doodling, and the use of fun stationery such as washi tape and stickers, while also being a resource to plan out important tasks in a given month, week, and year overall. Bullet journaling encourages the idea of \"spreads\", which is a creative layout of everything planned for a certain time period. For example, creating a monthly spread would be decorating a cover page dedicated to the month's themes, and then creating a calendar and filling in important dates and deadlines within it. A weekly spread would be taking one week from the monthly calendar and focusing on it more to highlight details on what is important for that given week. Bullet journaling appeals to those who are artistic and want to express themselves through beautiful calligraphy and stationery like stickers, cutouts, washi tape, colored pens, and more, but it also appeals to those who want a more organizational and functional form of planning. Outside of bullet journaling, our organization will also plan activities related to bullet journaling in some form such as calligraphy workshops, pen palling events, stationery swaps, and more. Most importantly, Bujo Buddies UTD emphasizes inclusion and friendship. We want everyone in our organization to feel comfortable and included as our members, and we want everyone to have their voices heard in terms of what type of events they would like to see. Whether one has been bullet journaling for years or is interested in getting started, Bujo Buddies UTD will strive to bring everyone together and bullet journal in order to encourage accountability and productivity in a cute and artistic manner.  Mission: The mission of Bujo Buddies UTD is to create a positive, friendly space for those interested in bullet journaling to come together and share ideas for bullet journaling spreads and explore the art of aesthetics, productivity, and organization in a medium that promotes creativity, design, and self-care.   Purpose: Our purpose is to allow students to view bullet journaling as a stress-reliving organizational tool that only requires a space to express themselves, such as a digital or traditional journal, and their own brilliant ideas. We seek to unite students in the making planning their busy college lives more fun through friendships and bujo! "
74,"Business Professionals of America (BPA) at the University of Texas at Dallas","Academic Interests","The purpose of UTD's BPA Chapter are: - to assist local chapter members in leadership and development - to unite in a common professional bond without regard to race, creed, sex, or national origin of students enrolled in classes with business employment as their objective - to develop leadership abilities through participation in business and/or office education, civic, recreational, and social activities - to assist students in establishing realistic employment objectives - to create enthusiasm for learning - to promote high standards in ethics, workmanship, and scholarship - to develop the ability of students to plan together, organize, and carry out worthy activities and projects through the use of democratic processes - to foster an understanding of the functions of labor, entrepreneurial, and management organizations in the American free enterprise system - to develop competent, aggressive leaders in business and/or office education - to develop and strengthen members' confidence in themselves and their work - to provide satisfactory social and recreational activities - to foster practical application of business and/or office education skills through competition. Mission The mission of the UTD BPA is to contribute to the preparation of global professionals through the advancement of leadership, citizenship, academic, and technological skills."
75,"Call of Duty Club at UTD","Club Sports","The Call of Duty Club at UTD aims to foster positive relationships among its members by playing the Call of Duty franchise casually and competitively. The club also should create an environment conducive to competitive success and allow for the creation of a healthy competitive environment. Falling under the Club Sports and Recreation categories, we make it our priority for our members to have an experience that increases their interest, knowledge, and skill in the game, as well as having a group they can go to relax, unwind, or grind with after a long day in classes."
76,"Campus Chinese Bible Study","Religious","1. Bring them to know Jesus Christ once they arrive at USA. Our organization offers airport pick up for students coming in internationally, and a jumpstart to their move through temporary housing, running errands while they arrive at the DFW airport. 2. We started this organization to provide a community that would be able to nurture each other with the love of Jesus. 3. Bible study and learn about God's words. 4. This organization will serve UTD by providing UTD students a safe environment to learn English through ESL, coding through academic, and about God's word in Christ. 5. This organization caters specifically (but not only) to Chinese students. Here, students of any age are able to learn and practice English (therefore enhancing their overall degree experience), and are able to be plugged into a local church community. 6. Hope for: We hope that students can have chance to know Christ Believe in: We pray that students can believe in Christ once they know that is true Support: No matter how difficulties students have, we truly support their need (example: sick, stress, personal issue)"
77,"Chabad Jewish Student Organization at UTD ","Religious","The primary purpose of the Chabad Jewish Association is to provide living Judaism to the students at UTD within the framework of traditional Judaism.  The club falls under the SOC categories of Religious, Educational, and Cultural.  Chabad serves individuals looking for a warm, non-judgmental, accepting, personalized Jewish experience. We are dedicated to providing every student, regardless of background, philosophy, or level of commitment, an open door environment for strengthening and enhancing Jewish life and connection. Our objectives include but are not limited to; educational, ritual, social activities, counseling, and spiritual guidance to individual students. Our organization is based on Chassidic philosophy, as taught locally by the Chabad Jewish Center, directed by Rabbi Shmuly and Dini Druk. Our philosophy states that every Jew deserves an equal opportunity to experience and enjoy their heritage. All programs and events of the CJSA are within the framework of Halachah, Jewish law as transmitted by the Rabbis throughout the generations dating back to Moses receiving the Torah at Mount Sinai.   "
78,"Changing Health Attitudes + Actions to Recreate Girls (CHAARG)","Recreation","Liberate Girls from the Elliptical! We aim to encourage women to try new ways to exercise and feel comfortable in the gym and in their own skin."
79,"Chemistry Graduate student Association","Educational/Departmental","The chemistry graduate student organization is dedicated to the support of the UT Dallas chemistry graduate student population. The purpose of CGSA is to foster a community of chemistry graduate students. We will promote communication between the chemistry department nd other UTD departments and the graduate students. We provide members with opportunities for networking, career developments and community outreach, improved sustainability, and chances to meet other members of the department. Additionally, we will  connect the students to on campus resources to help with any concerns they may have."
80,"Chemistry Student Association","Academic Interests","Our mission is to spread awareness of chemistry by demonstrating experiments to our community, connecting undergraduate students to faculty, and provide class support."
81,"Chess Club UT Dallas","Special Interest","To spread chess at UTD by organizing meetings, tournaments, and other chess-related events. We collaborate with the UTD Chess Program and Team to organize some events, but also compete against other colleges as a club."
82,"Chi Alpha Iota Diaternity","Fraternity & Sorority Life","Chi Alpha Iota Diaternity is a LGBTQ+ Greek life that gives comets a gender-neutral, welcoming family to join. Community, advocacy & inclusivity drive everything we do within and outside of our siblinghood."
83,"Chinese Dancing Crew","Art and Music","The name of this organization shall be the Chinese Dancing Crew (CDC). CDC is a student organization at the University of Texas at Dallas. This organization’s purpose shall be to assemble all dance lovers and those who desire to keep dancing and performing on stage. The objectives of the organization shall be:  •  Students will express their selves through the art of dance. •  The club will create school spirit on campus. •  Students will use the art of dance as a way to promote community, respect, openness, depth, and passion.  •  The club will bring a family atmosphere for Chinese Students, but it also encourages openness and awareness of different cultures. "
84,"Chinese Student Association","Cultural","We are a Chinese cultural and social club at UT Dallas that provides our members the opportunity to learn more about Chinese customs and language. We are welcoming of all people, as long as you're willing to make friends and learn about Chinese culture! "
85,"Christian Students on Campus","Religious","We are here to help each other grow in Christ through His Word, praying, and enjoying Him with a community of believers on campus."
86,"Circle K International","Services","We are the world's largest intercollegiate service organization, represented in 18 different nations. We aim to provide students with quality service, leadership, and fellowship opportunities. Through the volunteer work we do, we aim to promote ways to solve homelessness and food insecurity, childhood development and welfare, environmental justice, and mental health justice. "
87,"Citizens Climate Lobby UTD","Political","Our purpose is to enable students to engage politically and enable them to influence politics through volunteer lobbying and activism. Students can get training in political advocacy and lobbying and have the opportunity to have real meetings with congresspeople discussing climate legislation."
88,"Citizens College Life","Religious","To share the gospel of Jesus Christ to any and all students "
89,"Coalition of Psychology/Psi Chi","Academic Interests","The Coalition of Psychology is a designated educational and social organization that seeks to promote the teachings and services of psychology and bring together students who are a part of BBS or those who are just interested in learning more about psychology. "
90,"Code.exe","Academic Interests","Our organization hopes to make the transition of students with no coding background towards programming-related subjects easy, or if you already are an expert, organise exciting events for you. Code.exe aims to conduct boot camps, expert speaker sessions, mentoring sessions, and hackathons to help students win at coding. As we are based in JSOM, currently, we are exploring R , Statistics and Python for analytics, and create exciting content and events related to the same."
91,"Collegiate Chapter of the Association of Fundraising Professionals at UT Dallas (AFP UTD)","Educational/Departmental","Collegiate Chapter of the Association of Fundraising Professionals at UT Dallas (AFP UTD) is the first student-led organization at UT Dallas for students and young professionals who are interested in fundraising. The UTD AFP Collegiate Chapter is also part of something much bigger - a worldwide professional organization that not only is a part of a global network of fundraising professionals across the globe, but also a catalyst for an amazing career.   The Chapter is supported by a faculty advisor (Dr. Elizabeth Searing), a local AFP chapter Professional Advisor (Dr. Holly Miori), and a UTD PNM student/Collegiate Chapter President (Thanh Hoang).   AFP UTD collegiate chapter will: - Connect students and young professionals sharing passion in nonprofit management and fundraising - Provide learning opportunities such as webinar, fundraising conference, internship and other training opportunities - Prepare students for future career through mentoring, leadership opportunity, and wide network  "
92,"Comet Cinema ","Art and Music","Through this organization, we hope to form a community of filmmakers who can share ideas and help one another through films. In a university such as UT Dallas where a friendly community is omnipresent, a club like this will enable students to collaborate with each other and form strong bonds through films."
93,"Comet Cosplay","Special Interest","The mission of our organization is to foster a community of cosplayers at the University of Texas at Dallas and to introduce cosplaying to the general student body. We seek to fulfill this mission by providing resources like tutorials and training for various aspects of cosplaying, along with organizing events that promote the fostering of a community around cosplaying. At such events, members can expect to plan or work on their cosplays, learn about cosplay, showcase their completed cosplays, participate in cons, etc. Currently, we are affiliated with the Makerspace. Eventually, we aim to become an official UTD organization."
94,"Comet Cricket Club ","Club Sports","To introduce the competitive sport of Cricket to the UTD community. To create a sense of belonging, harmony, team- building, and celebration for those with a passion for Cricket. The ultimate objective is to morph this club into a competitive sporting team representing UTD at Inter-College Cricket level, and lay a foundation for future formidable players, for Major League Cricket and eventually for the US national team."
95,"Comet Cubing Club","Special Interest","The mission of the Comet Cubing Club is to foster a cubing community where UTD students may learn to solve various twisty puzzles and participate in organized competitions on and off campus. The Comet Cubing Club falls under the recreational, social, and special interest SOC categories."
96,"Comet Marketing","Educational/Departmental","We’re a student-run marketing organization that promotes events, awards, or any information that needs to be dispersed to the UTD student body by means of digital media. What does this mean? Basically, we’re here to help you effectively spread the message YOU want to spread. Need to get the word out on your upcoming event? No problem. Need a creative graphic to spread on social media? We got your back. Need an informative yet artistic video made for your team? Comet Marketing has you covered. From digital graphics to videos and photography - we do it all. You want to know what the best part of this is? All our services are FREE. Just sit back and relax. Our mission is to bring your great ideas to life. We’re here to help YOU market YOU."
97,"Comet Robotics at UTDallas","Educational/Departmental","Comet Robotics at UTDallas at The University of Texas at Dallas is a student-run and student-elected competition team focused on providing members with the opportunity to collaborate on real world engineering challenges. Through various robotics competitions and projects, members will gain experience and refine their knowledge of design, manufacturing, and marketing using the organization's resources.  The ultimate goal of the club is to build and sustain an engaged community who are hoping to grow and have fun in the field of robotics and STEM."
98,"Comet Soccer Pick-Up","Recreation","The main purpose of this organization is to provide everyone here at UTD the opportunity to be introduced to soccer at a casual level and in the process meet other students that share the same interests. "
99,"Comet Solar Racing","Educational/Departmental","Comet Solar Racing at The University of Texas at Dallas is a student-run and student-elected competition team focused on providing students with the knowledge and resources to be competitive in solar vehicle challenges around the world. The team aims to provide real-world project experience to students of various engineering and business backgrounds. This will help students to develop important skills that complement their in-class learning that include effective engineering, project management, leadership, delegation, finance, collaboration, and professionalism."
100,"Comet Wrestling Club","Club SPorts","Committed to promoting and growing the sport of wrestling. We welcome everyone - beginners and advanced! "
101,"Comets Against Computer Programming","Social","Do you believe sand shouldn't be forced to think?  Do you view computing as mean, forcing machines into being, condemning them to an existence of boring mathematical labor?  You are not alone.  At Comets Against Computer Programming (CACP, pronounced \"cah-cuh-puh\"), we firmly believe that computers shouldn't be programmed. Join us for epic meetings, ridiculous events/projects (that often raise money for charity!), and other absurdities!"
102,"Comets For Better Transit","Political","We are an organization of students dedicated to improving pedestrian, bike, and public transit in and around the UTD campus."
103,"Comets for the Preborn","Special Interest","Comets for the Preborn works to save lives threatened by induced abortion. In furtherance of this goal, members seek to promote respect for all humans at UT Dallas and in the surrounding community, to educate on abortion, to share the Gospel and call people to repentance, and advocate for the immediate abolition of abortion without exception or compromise."
104,"Comets United Against Cancer","Services","Comets United Against Cancer is a student organization working to spread awareness on our campus about all forms of cancer and their impact by: hosting informational/educational meetings, providing service opportunities benefitting cancer patients, as well as fundraising money for cancer-related research and organizations. "
105,"CometTHON","Special Interest","CometTHON is a non-profit, student-run organization at the University of Texas at Dallas, which raises funds that benefit both patients at Children’s Health Dallas and pediatric cancer research at UT Southwestern. Founded in 2013, our chapter’s goal has been to raise as many funds as possible to make a difference in the lives of others."
106,"CometTutors","Educational/Departmental","The mission of CometTutors is to further democratize (secondary) education further in the Dallas Fort Worth community through tutoring, guidance, and volunteering. "
107,"Computer Security Group","Educational/Departmental","CSG is an organization dedicated to security education and creating a community for security enthusiast of all levels to share experience and knowledge with each other."
108,"Connect CMI","Religious","To introduce people to Jesus and to one another!"
109,"Constitution of Consult Your Community Chapter at UT Dallas","Academic Interests","Consult your community is a national organization bringing together students from different academic backgrounds to work on pro-bono strategy consulting cases with different small businesses in the DFW metropolitan area. "
110,"Consulting and Leadership Development Society","Academic Interests","Our vision is to create a community that empowers students to become consultants that are innovators and changemakers. We aim to cultivate a culture of excellence, inclusivity, and social responsibility, providing a platform where members can learn, collaborate, and make an impact. We are committed to providing the best resources to students aspiring to bring change and transform lives through careers in consulting."
111,"Cookout Club at UTD","Services","We are a club that serves food to hungry UTD students every first Friday of the month. The menu for each month will be different and better than the last month. We want to bring students together in a social setting to bond over a hot plate of food."
112,"Creative Writing Professionals","Special Interest","This group leans heavily on developing a core writers' group intended to support the artists' publication and production goals. Not only will the group be utilized for emotional support for the creative process, but also will be instrumental in providing the feedback needed to push a work towards the final stages and ready for submission."
113,"Criminology Graduate Student Organization","Academic Interests","The CGSA maintains a three-fold purpose of establishing and strengthening voice, facilitating professional development, and fostering a social network for students invested in the field of criminology. The CGSA seeks to foster a healthy graduate student culture in which students can develop academically as well as professionally, learn, and establish long-lasting relationships with fellow students and faculty. The CGSA will advance contribution to the field through service and scholarly achievement. In pursuit and achievement of these goals, the CGSA at The University of Texas at Dallas will establish a united environment and integrated forum of expression and growth for future leaders in criminology."
114,"Criminology Undergraduate Student Association","Educational/Departmental","Connect students that are interested in Criminology and provide them with educational and social opportunities including socials and guest speakers."
115,"Crissa's Community Outreach","Educational/departmental","Crissa’s Community Outreach aims to serve community members on and off campus that have suffered from domestic violence and educate the student body about domestic violence, its different forms, and available services for survivors. CCO assists off-campus Dallas organizations serving survivors through volunteering, fundraising, and spreading awareness about their services."
116,"Cru","Religious","That Every Student would get to hear about Jesus, grow in their faith, and go to the world."
117,"Cybersecurity Club","Educational/Departmental","We unite students from all majors who share a passion for cybersecurity. Our primary mission is to offer insights into a career in cybersecurity, facilitated by guest lectures from industry professional. Beyond these sessions, we organize internship and full-time recruitment events with various companies. We also host Q&A sessions, hands-on workshops, and social events for networking with fellow cybersecurity enthusiasts."
118,"Dallas Musical Outreach","Art and Music","Spread music through DFW area"
119,"Dallas Persian Association","Cultural","The purpose of the Dallas Persian Association is to create an inclusive and supportive environment for Iranian-American students at The University of Texas at Dallas. The organization seeks to promote cultural understanding, engage in educational and social activities, and foster connections within the Iranian-American community and the broader campus community. The organization falls under the educational and social categories."
120,"Data Science Club","Educational/Departmental","Data Science Club is a student organization at The University of Texas at Dallas that strives to be the single focal point of overall development and growth of the student community with interests in the areas of machine learning, data mining and artificial intelligence.  DSC is connecting the dots to build a networked society of students, industry professionals, faculty, and companies. It is a testament to the ongoing year-round activities which are tailor-made to suit the current and future needs of students and industries. DSC helps you stay updated with the latest trends and industry best practices. It also helps fine-tune your technical and professional skills and test yourself through flagship data science competitions. Above all, you get boundless networking opportunities and make yourself market-ready!"
121,"DECA","Educational/Departmental","DECA is an educational organization that prepares emerging leaders and entrepreneurs in marketing, finance, hospitality, and management. Our purpose is to provide opportunities to simulate specific industry challenges in 25 different types of competitive events. DECA has many chapters in high schools and colleges around the globe to build our future leaders."
122,"Deeds Not Words","Services","The mission of Deeds Not Words (DNW) is to build the leadership and power of young people and encourage progressive change in our communities. DNW believes in an intersectional community in which women, LGBTQ+, and other minority communities can have equal representation and economic equality through dismantling economic injustices that disproportionately and negatively affect our society’s most vulnerable. "
123,"Delta Epsilon Mu, Inc. - Beta Gamma Chapter","Fraternity & Sorority Life","The Members of Delta Epsilon Mu, Inc. are committed to serving the community by advocating health education and care, and through active participation in service activities, fundraising, and outreach programs. Members are given the opportunity to directly participate in health-oriented workshops and discussions, thereby attaining access to pertinent academic and career information through association with professors, advisors, career professionals, Alumni Members and fellow Active Members."
124,"Delta Sigma Pi - Chi Psi","Fraternity & Sorority Life","As the world’s leading professional fraternity for men and women, Delta Sigma Pi develops principled business leaders for the future by providing a lifetime of opportunity for our members. Since 1907, our values and mission have guided our commitment to scholarship, service and professionalism. Delta Sigma Pi members, who are as diverse as the business world, gain experiences in professionalism, leadership, ethics, and philanthropy. This all leads to personal development and success—both in the business world and the civic realm. Delta Sigma Pi doesn’t just develop professionals; the Fraternity provides members with relationships, skills, and ideals necessary for them to make a significant impact wherever life leads. Delta Sigma Pi is a lifetime commitment that has a lifetime of opportunities."
125,"Dems at UTD","Political","Our mission is to empower students with knowledge and insights into progressive politics, fostering an environment that encourages learning and critical thinking. Additionally, we aim to utilize our club as a platform for enhancing voter education, promoting informed and engaged citizenship."
126,"Dhunki A Cappella","Art and Music","Dhunki A Cappella is the premier competitive South Asian Fusion A Cappella team of the University of Texas at Dallas. Our repertoire includes classic and modern South Asian songs (Hindi, Telugu, Marathi, Tamil, Malayalam, etc.) arranged with thematically and musically similar English songs. This Hindi name symbolizes this group’s focus on the areas of South Asian music and culture. Looking at this past year alone, Dhunki placed second at Jeena and first at Gathe Raho, which are the ASA bid competitions hosted by the University of Texas at Austin and the University of Iowa respectively. To top off the year, Dhunki competed at and won All-American Awaaz, the national competition hosted by ASA. Additionally, being a part of one of the most diverse campuses in the country, creativity is limitless on this team. With 18 members from different regions of South Asia, the team is bursting with varying cultures, singing styles, music experiences, and stories. Putting that all together, Dhunki is able to feature singers of all types, thematic yet subtle choreography, costumes to represent South Asian brilliance, student teamwork, and so much more. We hope to continue this new season of competitions with the same hard-working mindset, pride for our culture, and love of a cappella. Although it can sometimes get busy between school, rehearsals, and life, our love for music and each other makes it all worth it! The incredible feeling of accomplishment and camaraderie we forge in this group as we learn and sing together is what ties this family of singers together."
127,"Effective Altruism UT Dallas","Special Interest","Effective Altruism UT Dallas is a special interest group that aims to promote effective altruism in all its forms, especially the idea of using one’s career to improve the world. Effective Altruism UT Dallas will explain the ideas of effective altruism and provide support to our members on how to put those ideas into practice."
128,"Electronic Hardware Design Society","Educational/Departmental","Our purpose is to further interest in electronic hardware, signal processing, and circuit design. Our main activities include club sponsored hardware projects involving a broad range of skills and ideas from various domains in hardware design."
129,"End Overdose at UT Dallas","Special Interest","End Overdose at UT Dallas is a college chapter of a non-profit organization. End Overdose is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization based in Los Angeles, California working to end drug-related overdose deaths through education, medical intervention, and public awareness. Our chapter’s focus is to spread awareness and educate the people of UTD and DFW on opioid overdose by conducting Naloxone (Narcan) trainings."
130,"Environmental Conservation Organization at UTD","Special Interest;Social; Educational/Departmental;Academic Interests","The UTDSC Mission Statement is threefold: Provide an open, social forum in which members share and discuss ideas for promoting sustainable practices. Offer volunteering and educational opportunities in sustainability. Host events and promote sustainability initiatives on campus and the community."
131,"Envision","Academic Interests","Mission: Our club aims to allow students to learn and explore the world of data visualization using tools such as Tableau, Power BI, and other data dashboarding tools. We also strive to create a platform for students to network and connect with industry experts in data analytics.  Purpose: Our club is dedicated to providing students with a practical understanding of data visualization and its impact on the business world. We aim to equip students with the necessary skills to effectively present data insights in a visually appealing and easily understandable format. We also aim to allow students to network with industry experts and gain valuable insights into the latest trends and techniques in data analytics.  Organization Description: Our club is open to all university students interested in data analytics, visualization, and networking with industry experts. We hold regular meetings and workshops where members can learn and explore the different data dashboarding tools available. We also invite industry experts to share their insights and allow members to network and connect with professionals in the field. Our club is run by a team of dedicated student leaders passionate about data analytics and providing members with valuable learning experiences."
132,"Epic Movement","Religious","Epic seeks to accomplish that vision by winning Asian Americans to faith in Jesus Christ, building them in their faith, and sending them to win and build others and helping the body of Christ to do evangelism and discipleship through a variety of creative ways."
133,"Eye Care for Everyone","Services","Through this organization, we hope to posistively impact our community around the world positively. This organization values the underprivileged individuals whose lives are hindered by the lack of glasses and inability to recieve life-changing eye procedures."
134,"Faces of African Muslims","Religious","The Faces of African Muslims (FAM) is an organization founded on the need for more engagement of Black Muslims and Muslims of the African diaspora. By coming together and sharing our stories, heritage, and experiences we can learn from one another to strengthen the greater Ummah because together we are better."
135,"Fashion Club at UTD","Social","The Fashion Club is a safe haven for creativity and self-expression through fashion. Our mission is to offer a platform for designers and models to express their talents. We work on connecting members with fashion professionals, teach those interested about the fashion industry, and host social events."
136,"FeelGood","Services","Non-profit volunteer organization and youth engagement program part of the Hunger Project dedicated towards ending extreme poverty by 2030 through social enterprises and the preparation of grilled cheese sandwiches"
137,"Fellowship of Christian University Students","Religious","It is the purpose of Fellowship of Christian University Students to create a place for both Christian and Non-Christian UTD students to build relationships and to learn about Christ. Our mission is making and maturing disciples on DFW College Campuses. Org Description: Jesus also said no one should follow Him by themselves, so as a community, we are involved in each others’ lives. We gather every week in student-led small groups called Cores where we share life, pray, and read the Bible together. All of us in Core have the opportunity to meet regularly with a student leader to help us grow in following Jesus well. Those student leaders are mentored by a Campus Pastor who helps pastor our community."
138,"Filipino Student Association ","Recreation","The mission of the Filipino Students’ Association at the University of Texas at Dallas is to cultivate unity and fellowship among its members, spread awareness and educate others about Filipino culture, foster goodwill throughout the community, and empower students to excel in their professional fields and personal endeavors."
139,"Filmmakers Association","Art and Music; Special Interest","The Filmmakers Association is an art club focused on producing films of all genres. Our goal is to be a club where filmmakers can work together to create films for reasons such as personal interests or film festivals and grow in the process."
140,"Financial Leadership Association","Academic Interests","The Financial Leadership Association helps students gain financial literacy and prepares them with knowledge to become future business leaders. FLA offers several opportunities for students to excel in their future careers in Finance through competitions, networking events, professional development workshops, and meetings with industry leaders."
141,"FinTech UTD","Educational/Departmental","Purpose: We hope to allow students to explore the specific constructs and implementations of capital market modeling, modern digital payment infrastructure, expansion of robo-advisors and industry insights on the sector.  Mission: Our organization is dedicated to the study and development of products and solutions in the financial technology space.  Description: We are a student organization that aims to educate students about various ideas in the FinTech space and practically apply these concepts through hands-on long-term projects."
142,"First Love Fellowship","Religious","Mission : Our mission is to encourage students to be Christians who strive for academic excellence and success in life through biblical principles.   Purpose: The purpose of First Love Fellowship on UTD campus is : 1. To provide an environment on campus where UTD students meet and support each other in their Christian walk through mutual fellowship. 2. To train members to become Christian and global leaders. 3. To introduce the greater love of Christ Jesus to students 4. To reach out to students of University Of Texas at Dallas (UTD), to help them to unearth their potential and God given gifts making them productive and accountable citizens in school and any subsequent community in which they find themselves.  Organization Description: The First Love Fellowship is a religious organization, whose aim is to use all the resources we have to help students succeed both academically , spiritually and socially. We accomplish this goal through weekly Christian activities such as Bible studies, prayers, musical concerts (singing and dancing), word of exhortations, outreaches, games, etc..."
143,"For Autistic Empowerment","Special Interest","For Autistic Empowerment seeks to build a supportive community for autistic and neurodivergent students on campus. In our meetings, we discuss a variety of struggles related to autism, as well as our shared ideas for overcoming those struggles and improving ourselves. We then carry those shared ideas to the community in order to help parents, educators, and allies to better understand how to support autistic students."
144,"Foster Connect ","Services","Mission/Purpose: The first organization of its kind, Foster Connect aims to serve Dallas area foster youth through mentorship, tutoring, and advocacy. Texas has one of the largest foster care systems with 47,000 foster youth entering in 2019 alone, many of which are in Dallas and Collin County. We hope to bridge the gap between these communities and foster long-term mentorships with UT Dallas students."
145,"Fraternity & Sorority Life","University Department","Fraternity & Sorority Life at UT Dallas is young, refreshing, and entrepreneurial. The chapters, like the university, are vibrantly diverse, academically proud, and are actively preparing their members for successful careers. We have been inspired by the history of our organizations across North America, but we are driven by the modern needs of today's students. The UT Dallas Fraternity and Sorority community seeks to promote, develop, and enhance the pillars that our community prides itself on: Belonging, Opportunity, and Personal Development. We would love for you to experience something that no one else at UT Dallas offers:   The opportunity to invent tradition daily. "
146,"Friendship Association of Chinese Students and Scholars","Cultural","The Friendship Association of Chinese Students and Scholars (FACSS) is the leading Chinese student organization at UT Dallas. With 5 different branches and more than 50 active members, FACSS is also one of the biggest student organizations on campus. Every summer, FACSS collaborates with other school organizations, such as ICP and Big Howdy, to provide help and services for incoming Chinese students at UTD, such as free airport pick-up and local-help. Each semester, FACSS holds various events, such as new student orientation, Halloween party, and performances on Mid-Autumn Day and Chinese New Year, to enrich campus life and promote diversity across the campus. Meanwhile, FACSS always communicates with the school about the concerns and needs of Chinese students at UTD and tries its best to provide needed help."
147,"Future Business Leaders of America-Collegiate (Phi Beta Lambda)","Academic Interests","Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA) is the largest career student business organization in the world. It recognizes and rewards excellence in a broad range of business and career-related areas. Through state-based competition at the spring State Leadership Conferences, members compete in events that test their business knowledge and skills. Top winners in each state are eligible to compete for honors at the National Leadership Conference each summer."
148,"Future Cyberpunks","Special Interest","The Future Cyberpunks (A.K.A - FCP) - Cyberpunk is defined as a subgenre of science fiction carried by computer advancements and unbridled, self-driven technological experimentation. In an ever-expanding world of opportunities, our mission is to realize the dreams of the future in the world of today. In addition to celebrating the aesthetic and technology of cyberpunk pop culture, we aim to build a community of artists, engineers, and creators who are passionate about bringing these elements to life as real-world applications. We will provide the opportunity to head artistic and technological projects for students, by students, as a testament to the eager and independent spirit of cyberpunk."
149,"Future Healthcare Leaders Alliance ","Educational/Departmental","FHLA is designed to bring all pre-health individuals together for the purpose of interacting with one another and creating connections with others that have a heart for serving, similar to the healthcare environment in real life."
150,"Galerstein Community Center","University Department",""
151,"Gamma Iota Sigma Beta Phi","Academic Interests","Gamma Iota Sigma fulfills a mission of promoting and sustaining student interest in careers in insurance, risk management, and actuarial science."
152,"Gamma Sigma Sigma","Fraternity & Sorority Life","The purpose of Gamma Sigma Sigma shall be to assemble college and university students in the spirit of service to humanity and to develop friendships among all races and creeds. Gamma Sigma Sigma promotes a lifelong commitment to service and diversity in an environment of unity and equality, while creating opportunities for growth."
153,"Geology Club","Departmental/Educational","To act as a support network for students in the Geosciences at UTD and to promote geosciences awareness and knowledge within the University and the general community."
154,"Geophysical Society","Educational/Departmental","Geophysical Society brings together a group of like-minded individuals who share a common interest in geophysics. Providing opportunities for leadership, achievement, and cultivation of ideas, SEG Student Chapters open the door for students to actively participate in projects and initiatives that promote the science of geophysics. "
155,"Girl Up UTD","Academic Interests","Girl Up's mission statement is to empower individuals on the UTD campus to become involved through education, advocacy, public service, and fundraising to allow adolescent girls around the world to reach their full potential. As a campaign of the United Nations, fundraising will support Girl Up and UN programs that directly contribute to the advancement of girls' rights, health, and education in developing countries. All activities of this club support the five core pillars of Girl Up: education, health, freedom from violence, leadership, and the right to be formally counted."
156,"Girls Who Code","Academic Interests","Girls Who Code is an international nonprofit organization that aims to support and increase the number of women in computer science."
157,"Gita Life","Services","To develop a sense of community service in students and inspire them to contribute to their society and the world, through the philosophical teachings of wisdom texts."
158,"Global Brigades","Educational/Departmental","We are an organization that focuses on giving students the opportunity to travel to countries with underdeveloped healthcare systems and volunteer/shadow in clinics there. We educate students on the differences of healthcare systems across the world."
159,"Global Business Organization","Educational/Departmental","Mission: The Global Business Organization (GBO) is dedicated to providing a space for students interested in international business, world culture, and trade affairs to connect, interact, and network with each other through our club activities such as hands-on workshops, case competitions, and guest speaker events.  Purpose: GBO's purpose is to cultivate a platform where all students can expand their knowledge of international business cultures and develop the skills necessary to thrive in a globalized world while also being able to take advantage of networking opportunities.  Organization Description: GBO is open to all major undergraduate and graduate students who are interested in international trade and developing professional skills. The organization officers will provide guidance to students in various disciplines of Global Business around cultural competence, global affairs, and business practices."
160,"Global Medical and Dental Brigades ","Services","To empower volunteers to facilitate sustainable solutions in under-resourced communities while fostering local cultures."
161,"Global Medical Missions Alliance","Academic Interest","The purpose of this organization is to help students interested in healthcare lead a servant-hearted, missional life wherever they go. We hope to equip students with a holistic view on healthcare by providing short-term medical mission opportunities in other countries (external missions). We also want to offer meaningful, impactful, and consistent volunteering opportunities for students (internal missions). Lastly, we want to connect students with their peers and Christian mentors who encourage missional living in each other’s lives.  Alongside these international mission trips and local volunteering opportunities, we meet weekly on campus for alternating bible study and general meeting weeks. We normally have workshops on different topics in healthcare and/or guest speakers during general meetings."
162,"Global Mobility Club ","Educational/Departmental","The Global Mobility Club is concerned with the movement of employees around the world in order to support their companies. Our purpose is to bring awareness of the Global Mobility Industry to the students at UT Dallas and support and educate various professional goals of Global Business students (undergraduate and masters) and the Center of Global Business. The club helps connect students with opportunities to learn and network within the global mobility industry."
163,"Golden Z Club at UT Dallas","Services","Golden Z Club stands for women's rights and advocates for equality, education, diversifying cultural aspects, and ending child marriage and gender-based violence through international education programs service projects. This organization is dedicated to creating a supportive global community of like-minded professionals from diverse countries and cultures and offers a variety of scholarships (aerospace, business, technology, public affairs, etc.) to its members."
164,"Google Developer Student Club","Academic Interests","Google Developer Student Club is a university-based community group for students interested in growing as a developer regardless of background and experience. By joining GDSC, students grow their knowledge in a peer-to-peer learning environment and build solutions for the local community."
165,"Graduate Finance Management Council (GFMC)","Educational/Departmental","The Graduate Finance Management Council (GFMC) is focused on the needs and interests of graduate finance students. The dedicated GFMC members serve as program ambassadors, mentors and leaders for the MS Finance program. Their support is critical for program support and student success. Continuing students are encouraged to join and support the GFMC. We strongly believe that our MSF alumni are assets and brand ambassadors for the MSF program as well as a great source of professional guidance for the MSF students."
166,"Graduate Students in Physics","Educational/Departmental; Academic Interests; Special Interest; Recreation","To foster social interactions among physics graduate students, solve issues concerning student experience, and provide social and academic opportunities."
167,"Habesha Student Union ","Cultural","The mission of Habesha Student Union is to promote Eritrean and Ethiopian culture at UT Dallas. We strive to create a community for habeshas and other students on campus through social, professional, and community service events."
168,"Hallyu Wave at UTD","Social","The purpose of Hallyu Wave UTD is to provide students with an opportunity to meet and socialize with people of similar interests, such as K-pop and K-dramas, and learn about Korean culture."
169,"Health Connect","Academic Interests","The purpose of this organization is to provide overview plans for pre-health students’ undergraduate careers that act as a reference, as well as volunteering and paid experience opportunities that will best help them with professional/medical school programs."
170,"Health Occupations Students of America (HOSA)","Educational/Departmental","HOSA - Future Health Professionals is a pre-health organization at UTD. Our main aspect is competition where members compete in a health-related category against other HOSA members in the state and nation. We offer volunteering, fundraising, and social opportunities for our members, as well as mentorship for incoming HOSA members and pre-medical students applying for the current application cycle."
171,"Healthcare Management Association","Educational/Departmental","Mission: The UT Dallas HMA will be the premier organization for students in Healthcare Management by providing members with the highest quality resources, education, and professional networking opportunities. The HMA will seek to promote the Healthcare Management program locally while building a national brand of excellence among our peers.  Purpose: The UT Dallas Healthcare Management Association (HMA) is comprised of students seeking professional growth opportunities and networking. The HMA offers monthly meetings with leaders in the healthcare industry, including hospital executives, healthcare consulting firm representatives, and healthcare informatics professionals, among others. Internships and job offers sent to the faculty mentor are communicated to members through email. The HMA hosts various social events on campus and in the Dallas community to engage students."
172,"Hearts for the Homeless UTD","Educational/Departmental","Hearts for the Homeless UTD seeks to contribute to the health and well-being of one of the most vulnerable populations in our nation through free blood pressure screening, education, and outreach opportunities for students who wish to contribute to our effort.   Hearts for the Homeless (H4H) UTD serves to provide UTD students with a unique volunteering experience. Our mission is to enlighten and impassion students who volunteer their time and skills for a greater cause. Furthermore, it functions to aid the homeless community in Dallas by providing free blood pressure screenings and fostering caring interactions between volunteers, homeless individuals, and others in the community. Hearts for the Homeless UTD plans to collaborate with other non-profit organizations, veteran's organizations, health care clinics, and medical professionals to enhance the effectiveness of this registered student organization. We also seek to educate members on cardiovascular disease and hidden difficulties in the homeless community and thus aspire to help build socially-cognizant and empathetic leaders driven to create change in their communities. "
173,"Helping Hands","Services","We are committed to minimizing the struggles that survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault face. Our purpose is to help fight domestic abuse/violence. We hope to one day live in a world where everyone, regardless of age and gender, feels safe in their homes and amongst their families. We raise awareness and partner with shelters, providing our members with volunteer opportunities for this cause."
174,"HerCampus at UTD","Social","HerCampus UTD aims to empower young women by providing them with a supportive community that fosters growth, promotes inclusivity and diversity, and offers various leadership and creative opportunities. HerCampus is an online magazine."
175,"Heroes United FC","Special Interest","Heroes United FC is a monthly soccer camp specifically designed for individuals with Down Syndrome. The sessions last approximately 90 minutes and introduce basic soccer skills that will eventually be developed over the course of a season. Scrimmages will be held at the end of the session, giving the participants a chance to practice their new skills on the field with their friends. Our mission is to give individuals with Down Syndrome the opportunity to experience the beautiful game in a fun and supportive environment that encourages them to stay active and promotes physical and emotional health."
176,"Hillel","religious","Hillel is the home for Jewish life on campus for Richardson students. Hillel is a pluralistic, inclusive organization that supports students as they continue to develop their Jewish identity during this transformative time in their lives. We meet students where they are, encourage their exploration of what it means to be Jewish, and empower them to create their own Jewish paths."
177,"Hindu YUVA at UTD","Religious","Hindu YUVA aims to establish a platform to preserve, practice, promote, and protect Hindu Dharma by bringing together college students on campus."
178,"Ihsan Healthcare Association","Educational/Departmental","aims to connect students with plans to pursue healthcare post-graduation. Our main purpose is to provide students with volunteering, research, and other opportunities meant to educate students in their respective medical fields, to become involved, and to promote their applications."
179,"Indian Student Association","Cultural","The Indian Students Association (ISA) is a non-profit socio-cultural association within the Student Organization's Forum at The University of Texas at Dallas. UTD is home to hundreds of Indian students. ISA represents each and every one of them and apart from striving to make everyone feel at home, miles away from home we also draw a flux of colorful Indian culture through our various programs. The purpose of the ISA is to provide an opportunity for all students of Indian origin to interact and share the joy of the culture and heritage of India, and to educate other students, by bringing awareness."
180,"Indigo Magazine","Art and Music","Mission: Indigo magazine strives to give a voice to the student body through different mediums of art, so we can share our perspectives and grow as individuals. We will emulate the diversity of our campus by giving students a platform to share their opinions, thoughts, and stories.  Purpose: Our goal is to create a strong and informed community where people feel comfortable sharing their thoughts and opinions, so we can continuously facilitate growth and learning. Our magazine will explore social, cultural, and political themes both within and outside of our local community.  Organization Description: Indigo Magazine is an online publication featuring various sections such as creative writing, photography/film, graphic design, and editorials. Our members will be students with a passion for bringing awareness to different topics through different mediums. Our focus on the interests of the students is apparent through one of our magazine columns, People’s Pick. Each month, students can send in topics that they want to see in the magazine, whether it be social issues, personal stories, or pop culture. Students can even send in pieces they have created, to be featured in Indigo. To sum it up, Indigo Magazine is an organization by the students, for the students."
181,"Infinity Lions Club","Service","Guided by our motto of WE SERVE, the Infinity Lions Club focuses on doing community service work in the North Texas area through many activities and by donating money to various charities. In just our first year as a club, we were awarded the Outstanding Community Service Award 2013 by The University of Texas at Dallas UT for being the club that best exemplified and engaged in community service.   "
182,"Information Systems Security Association UTD Subchapter","Academic Interests","Our mission statement is to spread cybersecurity awareness and knowledge by exploring the integration of business, IT, and cybersecurity.   ISSA's goals are to promote security education and skills development, encourage free information exchanges, communicate current events within the security industry, and help express the importance of security controls to enterprise business management.   We believe in creating a place where students can explore their talents, share knowledge with each other, and have a place of support."
183,"INFORMS at UTD","Educational/Departmental","Establish a concrete holistic growth for students. Establish a networked society of students, instructors, industry professionals, and corporate professionals to engage in the cross-pollination of ideas jointly."
184,"Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers","Educational/Departmental","The purpose shall be the dissemination of knowledge of the theory and practice of all aspects of electrical and computer engineering, electronics, radio, allied branches of engineering or the related arts and sciences, as well as the furtherance of the professional development of the students."
185,"Intelligent Transportation Systems UTD (ITS UTD)","Academic Interests","Research in Self-driving vehicles is a very important and upcoming field to contribute to. I see the need to make students aware about the ongoing research in the field of Transportation."
186,"Inter Collegiate Prayer Fellowship","Religious","Inter-Collegiate Prayer Fellowship (ICPF) at The University of Texas at Dallas is a Full Gospel ministry, working to share the love of Christ on campus. We seek to empower and equip students who follow Jesus Christ as their personal Lord and Savior through the Word of God and the power of the Holy Spirit"
187,"Intercultural Programs","Educational/Departmental","The mission of Intercultural Programs is to lead the UT Dallas community in opportunities that foster global engagement by:   • Generating experiences that promote, develop, and enhance intercultural competence • Supporting the integration of international students into campus life"
188,"International Christian Fellowship (ICF)","Religious","ICF is a student organization at The University of Texas at Dallas consisting of international and American students and local staff and volunteers. Our purpose is to make friends, fellowship together, and help international students during their time of study at UTD."
189,"InterVarsity Christian Fellowship","Religious","InterVarsity is a community of students at UTD following Jesus together through fellowship, Bible study, prayer, worship, and serving others."
190,"Investment Management Club","Departmental/Educational","Investing is a crucial tool that not only serves as a great educational experience but as a major method of financial mobility, an opportunity often overlooked for students in college. IMC aims to provide UT Dallas with a community for students interested in learning about investing to come together, increasing our local community's financial literacy."
191,"Iranian Student Community","Art and Music","Through this organization we mean to help Iranian international students at UTD to overcome the initial challenges they might face when they get to United states, and make sure they have enough knowledge and resources to live and work in the U.S. .  Furthermore, via our organization, we aim to host a variety of inclusive and inviting events for Iranian students, fostering connections to both our culture and diverse communities.  Crucially, we aspire to introduce and promote our cultural events and ceremonies through this organization."
192,"Islamic Relief at UTD","Religious","Mission: \"Building community through service\" Purpose: To be a beacon of service for the UTD student population. Organization Description: Islamic Relief at UTD (IRUTD for short) is a service-based organization with the aim of providing relief and aid to both our neighboring communities and our family abroad. We work to empower individuals in our community and give them a voice, regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, or religion. Although we draw our inspiration to do service from what Allah has said in the Quran and the teachings of the Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him), membership is open to anybody committed to putting service to others over themselves."
193,"Japan Traditional Karate Club","Club Sports","The Japan Traditional Karate Club at the University of Texas at Dallas (JTK @UTD) is dedicated to promoting the Japanese traditional karate training style known as JKA (Japan Karate Association)/Shotokan Karate-do. Our organization aims to cultivate self-defense skills, self-expression, discipline, self-control, stamina, and character development among its members. We strive to foster an understanding of the science, philosophy, and culture of traditional karate."
194,"Japanese Language Association","Academic Interest","Our mission is to gather students with a passion for learning the Japanese language and foster an environment where resources and interests can be cultivated and shared."
195,"Japanese Student Association","Cultural","The purpose of JSA is to increase Japanese awareness and popularity on campus, along with providing opportunities for Japanese students and those with cultural interests to engage in fellowship, extracurricular involvement, and share academic advise."
196,"John Marshall Prelaw Society","Academic Interests","The purpose of the society shall be to promote the understanding of the legal profession, the law, and government operation; to assist its members in the processes of entering the legal profession; and to recognize and encourage scholarship and leadership among pre-law students at The University of Texas at Dallas."
197,"Jujutsu Club","Recreation","The Jujutsu Club is an organization that teaches Japanese jujutsu, a self defense martial art. We aspire to make self defense, a vital lesson for everyone, to be free of charge, safe, and accessible for all."
198,"K5UTD Amateur Radio Club","Educational/Departmental","Continuation and extension of the amateur's proven ability to contribute to the advancement of the radio art. K5UTD is UTD's amateur radio club."
199,"Kannada Sangha @ UTD ","Social","Our Organization aims to get together students of our culture and celebrate ethnic and traditional festivals. It is a non-profitable organization trying to help students feel at home. It also provides an opportunity for all the seniors, alumni and professors to understand US culture and to socialize."
200,"Kappa Delta Nu","Fraternity & Sorority Life","Social and Spiritual Focus Sorority"
201,"Kappa Theta Pi","Fraternity & Sorority Life","Kappa Theta Pi is a co-ed professional fraternity specializing in the field of information technology. Kappa Theta Pi was founded on January 10, 2012, in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and is the University of Michigan's first and only professional technology fraternity. The goals of the fraternity are to create bonds between students of Informatics, computer science, business, design, computer engineering, Information,[2] and any others who are interested in technology, to develop networks through facilitation of professional and social growth, and to expose members to career options in the technology field."
202,"Keep in Mind","Special Interest","The purpose of the organization shall be to encourage knowledgeable and health discussion of mental health care, illness, and coping mechanisms through educational resources, advocate for mental health issues by fostering and cultivating a more positive environment for those struggling in our local community, and to create awareness and reduce the stigma surrounding mental health care and illness amongst the student population with a focus on multicultural factors at The University of Texas at Dallas, hereinafter called “UTD”."
203,"Kesem at the University of Texas - Dallas","Special Interest","Kesem is a national nonprofit organization with over 130+ chapters at colleges & universities nationwide. We provide free summer camps and year-round support for children who have been affected by a parent's cancer. Kesem @ UT Dallas currently serves over 80+ children and their families in the DFW / North Texas area!"
204,"Korean International Student Association","Cultural","KISA is an organization for Korean students and others interested in Korean culture."
205,"Korean Language Club","Educational/Departmental","KLC is an educational / cultural club designed to help and individuals in UT Dallas who are willing to improve their Korean language skills or get more involved in exploring Korean culture. KLC provides weekly Korean classes volunteered by native / advanced students in UT Dallas, along with bi-weekly social events for community, cultural, and language exchange."
206,"Korean Student Association","Academic Interests; Educational/Departmental;","The Korean Student Association (KSA) is a vibrant and dynamic organization committed to fostering a strong sense of academic among Korean and non-Korean students at our university. Our mission is to facilitate academic growth and cross-cultural understanding. At the core of our purpose is the belief that diversity should be embraced and celebrated, particularly within an academic context. We strive to provide an inclusive and academically stimulating environment where students from all backgrounds can engage in educational activities, share their knowledge, and learn about Korean culture and society."
207,"Laksh Indian Dance Team","Recreation","UTD Laksh is the premier Bollywood fusion dance team at UTD. We strive to create a welcoming environment through various forms of dance. "
208,"Last Writers","Services","Last Writers aims to provide an opportunity for the contemplation and documentation of a life well-lived. For our patients, this means allowing them to tell their biographical stories, record important memories, and emphasize the beliefs and ideals that have meant the most to them. For students, we aim to provide an opportunity to work with patients and families in hospice and palliative care through a glimpse into end-of-life healthcare, interviewing and memoir writing, and the combination of both into narrative medicine. By collecting this information and compiling it into a tangible whole, we hope to bring comfort to everyone involved in a form that endures - a Last Writers memoir."
209,"Latter-day Saint Student Association","Religious","The Latter-Day Saint Student Association is a group for those students who are members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints and any who are interested in learning more about our faith and socializing with those who hold our beliefs. As Latter-Day Saints, we believe that Jesus Christ is our Savior, and that He is the Son of God. We also believe that God continues to speak to His children today, and that he calls prophets to teach His people just like he did in antiquity. We believe that The Book of Mormon is another example of God's words to his children, and that it testifies of Jesus Christ. If you have any interest in learning more about Latter-day Saint beliefs, or just socializing with those of the faith, feel free to come to any of our meetings and activities! LDSSA hosts weekly scripture/doctrinal classes on campus (with free food) and meet with those interested in learning our beliefs in a smaller group setting with full-time missionaries. Those interested in more of our church's social events should be aware that most of our activities are off campus and NOT UTD affiliated."
210,"League of Legends at UTD","Special Interest","League of Legends at UTD is meant to be a social community relating to the game League of Legends. We strive to be a community that is accepting and pursues social events."
211,"League of United Latin American Citizens ","Political","The mission of the League of United Latin American Citizens is to advance the economic condition, educational attainment, political influence, housing, health and civil rights of the Hispanic population of the United States and Puerto Rico.  The League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC), founded in 1929, is the oldest and most widely respected Hispanic civil rights organization in the United States of America. Since its founding, LULAC has fought for full access to the political process and works to improve opportunities for Hispanic Americans."
212,"Lemon Club at UT Dallas ","Special Interest","Our mission at Lemon Club at UT Dallas is to raise funds and awareness for pediatric cancer research through Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation. "
213,"Life Skills Club at The University of Texas at Dallas","Services","Life Skills at UTD is a student-led service organization at the University of Texas at Dallas. The organization will focus on providing fun and practical activities that will allow students to learn important general skills for life. We will focus on individual growth and will cover a broad array of skills that are not specific to students’ major or career path. We also will bring the UTD community together through enjoyable workshops in a stress-free environment, thus allowing people from different academic backgrounds to meet and interact."
214,"Magic the Gathering Club at The University of Texas at Dallas","Special Interest","This organization strives to foster an environment in which students can learn, teach, and play Magic: the Gathering; to uphold the principles of sportsmanship, fair play, and mutual respect; to grow the community of new players without retracting from the enjoyment of those more experienced; and, above all, to create variable, interactive, and enjoyable games of Magic: the Gathering."
215,"Magic UTD","Special Interest","Magic UTD is a community of magicians from all different skill levels and backgrounds. Our goal is to hone and refine our knowledge of magic with fellow magicians and get new people interested in the art form.  We also run magic shows throughout the semester. All members will be given an opportunity to rehearse and perform in front of a live audience. For each show, those interested in performing will gather for scriptwriting and dress rehearsals. It's a great way to show off what you have learned in the semester!  We are a diverse group of students committed to bridging the gap between the possible and the impossible! We would love for you to join us!"
216,"Making Healthcare Affordable","Special Interest","We are a voluntary organization that is aimed towards advocating for affordable healthcare for low income or uninsured people. Our goals as an organization include:  1. Advocate awareness for the unaffordability of healthcare  2. Raise funds toward local clinics offering reduced cost healthcares or directly toward individuals in need of medical bill relief  3. Have our membership volunteer at local clinics offering reduced cost healthcare 4. Feature speakers who are knowledgeable about the affordability of healthcare 5. Give members the opportunity to lead their own projects to make healthcare affordable  "
217,"Malankara Orthodox Christian Student Movement","Religious","The primary purpose of Orthodox Christian Student Movement is to serve the needs of it members and strengthen the partnership with DSWA Campus Ministry in the following ways:  Bring our students into mainstream religious life and to maintain their active involvement in our church.  Provide them with a deeper understanding and awareness of our faith, traditions and practices.  Enhance Bible Study and develop personal devotional practices and prayer.  Develop and promote a stable and fruitful spiritual life with a commitment to Christ and His Church and participation in the mission of charity.  Promote friendship and bonding among the members.  Initiate and maintain spiritual counseling with problem solving in everyday life.  Assist them in setting up appropriate educational objectives and programs of study.  Assist with any needed help in financial planning."
218,"MannMukti UTD","Social","Our mission is to encourage healthy, open dialogue of South Asian mental health issues in an effort to remove stigma, improve awareness and promote self-care."
219,"Mantra Lounge","Art and Music","We strive to promote healthy and conscious lifestyle among all in and around campus."
220,"Math Club","Academic Interests","Mission/Purpose: To promote mathematics between the students and faculty of the University of Texas at Dallas.  Organization description: Collaborative discussions of math problems of all levels by anyone with an interest in mathematics - An academic club that aims to learn mathematical techniques in a fun and inviting manner.  "
221,"MBAs for Christ","Religious","Statement of Purpose: MBAs for Christ exists to glorify God by encouraging graduate JSOM students in their devotion and submission to Jesus Christ. This organization is “religious,” as defined by the SOC.  We affirm the following core values: 1.Our Identity is in Christ“...for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and are justified by his grace as a gift, through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus.” (Romans 3:23-24)Despite the pressures of the professional world, we deny that our identity, purpose, or personal worth is found in our professional success, productivity, or performance. Rather, we affirm that our lives are in Jesus Christ, the One who has justified and redeemed us through His broken body and spilt blood.  2.Our Purpose is to Pursue Christ“ See to it that no one takes you captive by philosophy and empty deceit, according to human tradition, according to the elemental spirits of the world, and not according to Christ. For in him the whole fullness of deity dwells bodily, and you have been filled in him, who is the head of all rule and authority.” (Colossians2:8-10)Even as we learn important business lessons as graduatestudents at UTD, we affirm our reliance on and submission to Jesus Christ. We commit to pursuing Christ in all things, trusting in His sufficiency, authority, and wisdom.We choose to exalt Jesus, His perspective, and His wisdom above all else.3.Our Work is our Worship“Whatever you do, work heartily,as for the Lord and not for men,knowing that from the Lordyou will receive the inheritance as your reward.You are serving the Lord Christ.” (Colossians  3:23-24)As working professionalsand students, we believe our careers are an offering unto Jesus Christ. As such, we seek to integrate our faith and workunder the leadership of the Holy Spirit and unto the glory of our Father in Heaven.  4.Our Unity is in our Devotion to Christ and our Love for One Another“This is my commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you.” (John 15:12)  In accordance with the historic creeds of the church (that is, the Nicene Creed and the Apostle’s Creed, see Appendix A), we affirm that our love for Jesus Christ compels us to love one another as He first loved us. In all things, we seek to show Christ-like love in wordand deed to our fellow JSOMstudents, ourco-workers, and our communities"
222,"Mechanical Engineering Graduate Association","Educational/Departmental","The MEGA represents the views and recommendations of the mechanical engineering (ME) graduate student body across campus and works closely with the Department of Mechanical Engineering to mutually improve both entities. MEGA operates in a manner to support diversity, equity, and inclusion."
223,"Medical City Dallas Volunteers Club","Academic Interests","Mission Statement : MCD Volunteers Club values service, leadership, and community. We support Medical City Dallas’ Programs while also providing students with volunteer opportunities and an exclusive look into possible careers in medicine. We believe in giving all students a chance to experience the fields they are interested in through volunteerism and partnership.  Purpose: Medical City Dallas Volunteers offers volunteering and shadowing opportunities in the Dallas area to help pre-med students gain valuable connections to facilitate their journey into medical school. We run interviews for those applying to the MCD volunteer program and provide additional training. Additionally we bring programs from MCD onto campus; Whether that is through creating care packages or holding health fairs, we work in partnership with medical city dallas to offer support. This club will allow students to get involved in their community while also creating a direct connection to a hospital for UTD’s pre-med program, enticing future applicants.  What Makes Us Different: Direct connection to a hospital only 20 mins from campus Weekly volunteer hours that count towards medical school requirements Experience with patient interaction Ability to interact with nurses and physicians in various departments"
224,"Medical Engineering Association","Educational/Departmental","The purpose of this organization is to introduce engineering elements by engineering students to pre-health students, and pre-health elements by pre-health students to engineering students. The goal of this organization is to host workshops, competitions, and projects to help students learn and create medical innovations. This organization falls under the Educational SOC category"
225,"Medicine Education and Development for Low Income Families Everywhere (MEDLIFE)","Services","MEDLIFE is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that partners with low-income communities in Latin America and Africa to improve their access to medicine, education, and community development projects. Our ultimate goal is to one day reach a world free from the constraints of poverty by  empowering students and volunteers to become advocates for change by becoming leaders in our chapter and supporting the Moving Mountains giving program. MEDLIFE national hires and trains local staff to provide high quality 24/7/365 patient care, community development projects, and educational workshops to empower communities in need. These initiatives would not be possible without forming chapters at universities and high schools across the globe. MEDLIFE Chapters are the pillars of the movement. Our chapter would represent and promote MEDLIFE at UT Dallas and in our local communities. We would make an immeasurable impact - raising money for MEDLIFE, volunteering in Service Learning Trips, engaging in local community service initiatives, and more. We will work hand in hand with low-income communities and student groups to bring healthcare, education, and safe homes to the sites where we work, abroad or locally. The year-round effort will translate into hundreds of thousands of healthier families, better-informed individuals, and safer communities across Latin America, Africa and here in the DFW area. Overall, we aim to involve students, develop leadership skills, have the opportunity to make a difference, and build important connections that last a lifetime."
226,"Memories Matter","Academic Interests","Our organization is dedicated to improving the quality of life of older adults afflicted by conditions linked with aging. We achieve our mission through three fundamental pillars: raising awareness, fundraising, and enhancing care."
227,"Minority Assoication of Pre-Medical Students","Educational/Departmental","The Minority Association of Pre-Medical Students (MAPS) is committed to supporting current and future underrepresented minority medical students, addressing the needs of underserved communities, and increasing the number of clinically excellent, culturally competent, and socially conscious physicians."
228,"Molding Doctors at UTD","Academic Interests","Mission Statement: Our goal is to nurture service, philanthropy, academic excellence, and leadership in future physicians.  Molding Doctors is an organization at UT Dallas geared towards helping students explore opportunities available to them throughout their pre-medical experience.  Since 2007, we have provided students with a multitude of medically-related services and social events, and have been growing in membership and opportunities every semester."
229,"MOVE Texas UTD","Educational/Departmental","Our vision is to build the political power of young people to transform democracy in Texas and beyond."
230,"Muslim Interscholastic Tournament","Religious","Mission: MIST inspires high school students to collaborate and compete, develop creative skills, and learn from professionals, while educating them about Islam and Muslims. We envision a vibrant community of creativity, knowledge, and mutual respect.  Description and Purpose: We offer students all over DFW the chance to encourage self discovery, knowledge related to Islam and/or Muslims, creativity, communication skills, critical thinking and problem solving, and interpersonal skills.  We are open to individuals of any religion, race, color, gender, sex, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, and socio-economic background.  MIST exposes participants to aspects of Muslim customs and practices, but does not enforce religious adherence.  We encourage attitudes of respect in relation to religious or philosophical disagreement.  "
231,"Muslim Professionals at UTDallas","Educational/Departmental","The mission of the Organization is to provide a supportive and empowering platform for the Muslim population on campus, focusing on professional development, networking, and career exploration in various career clusters."
232,"Muslim Student Association","Educational/Departmental","MSA is an organization that provides the facilities, needs, and events for all Muslims on campus and open to everyone. "
233,"National Association of Black Accountants","University Department","The mission of NABA is to address the professional needs of its members and to build leaders that shape the future of the accounting and finance profession with an unfaltering commitment to inspire the same in their successors"
234,"National Black Law Student Association at the University of Texas at Dallas","Academic Interests","NBLSA (National Black Law Student Association) is a pre-law student organization here to increase the number of culturally responsible Black and minority attorneys who excel academically, succeed professionally, and positively impact the community."
235,"National Retail Federation Foundation ","Educational/Departmental","The purpose of the National Retail Federation Foundation is to assist members in leadership development as well as unite in a common professional bond without regard to race, creed, sex, or national origin. To foster an understanding of the functions of labor, entrepreneurial, and management organizations in the American free enterprise system. "
236,"National Society of Black Engineers","Educational/Departmental","To increase the number of culturally responsible black engineers who excel academically, succeed professionally and positively impact the community."
237,"National Society of Black Women in Medicine","Academic Interests","The National Society of Black Women in Medicine is a multi-disciplined organization that works to increase the recruitment and retention of Black women pursuing broad careers in medicine, while simultaneously promoting the advancement of those already established in these fields. "
238,"National Student Speech Language Hearing Association (NSSLHA)","Academic Interest; Educational/Departmental; Social","Mission statement: We, the members of the National Student Speech Language Hearing Association, are an academic organization that serves primarily speech language pathology and audiology students but welcome all enrolled at UTD.   Purpose: To provide our students with academic resources, social engagements, fundraising activities, and opportunities to serve our community and our campus.   Description: Our organization is open to all students at UT Dallas although it primarily consists of undergraduate Speech Pathology and Audiology majors who meet throughout the academic year to collaborate academically, make networking connections and friendships through social events, fundraise for local Dallas organizations we are passionate about, and give back to the community and campus through volunteer events. "
239,"Nebula Labs","Academic Interests","Nebula Labs is a community of designers, engineers, and product managers working on the largest open source-initiative at UT Dallas, with the sole intent of building and maintaining software that helps all students. Our products have a lasting impact on campus and grow the people within our organization by fostering an environment of curiosity, growth and a love to create."
240,"Nepalese Student Association ","Cultural","The purpose of Nepali Student Association is to promote Nepali culture and heritage within the University of Texas at Dallas and to give back to the community."
241,"Neuroscience Graduate Student Association","Educational/Departmental","The Neuroscience Graduate Student Association (NGSA) is dedicated to promoting strong bonding in the department through educational and social support among graduate students in the field of neuroscience. NGSA is a student-led organization that values a supportive and inclusive community for diversity, professional development, and social engagement. We provide a platform for graduate students: 1) to connect with one another through social events, 2) to facilitate professional development through networking opportunities, and 3) to build leadership through advocating for each other. As a group, we are committed to providing our members with a supportive and engaging community that facilitates their academic and personal growth. "
242,"Neuroscience Student Association","Academic Interests","The UTD Neuroscience Student Association (NSA) is a place where students of any major or background can come together over their shared love of neuroscience. We aim to provide a venue for learning, seeking advice, gaining new experiences, and making friends. With members from all walks of life and with a variety of academic and career goals, our community has something for everyone."
243,"Newman Catholic Ministry","Religious","As Catholics at the University of Texas at Dallas, we seek to build up the Catholic community, reach out to Catholics on campus, and be the presence of Christ to those around us. To that purpose, we seek to sponsor events that proclaim the truths of our faith, offer opportunities for fellowship, and draw students deeper into a life of prayer, sacraments, and a relationship with Christ and His Church. We use our resources of time, talent, and treasure to promote and implement our missions and events."
244,"Novis A Capella ","Art and Music","We are the oldest and most premier A Capella group at UTD. We are a small group of music lovers who share passion for singing and performing. We perform contemporary songs and perform at events across UTD and the community. "
245,"Nutrition UTD","Services","Spread awareness about healthy eating habit, and to raise awareness about some diseases like diabetes. "
246,"Office of Student Volunteerism","University Department","The Office of Student Volunteerism is committed to enriching the lives of students by educating them on and connecting them to, the needs of their campus community, and communities across the country and around the world. By directly providing students at The University of Texas at Dallas with opportunities to volunteer their time to local community service projects and partnering with campus departments, programs, faculty, and student organizations, as well as being a repository for community service resources, the Office of Student Volunteerism helps students prepare for life, work, and leadership as active, responsible citizens.   "
247,"Olympic Weightlifting at UTD","Club Sports","The mission of the organization shall be to promote and foster a community of likeminded individuals interested in Olympic Weightlifting within the University."
248,"One For All","Educational/Departmental","One For All's purpose is to promote spiritual inclusivity and dialogue to educate and inspire college students towards peace and purity by creating an environment of meaningful discussion about God, Guidance, and Goodness through preparing members to contribute to a global, diverse community from the teachings of the Qur’an and through the example of Prophet Muhammad."
249,"OpenUTD","Academic Interests","Embracing, educating, and contributing to open source software and the culture surrounding it"
250,"Operation Smile UTD","Services","Operation Smile dreams of a world where no child born with facial deformities suffers from a lack of access to safe surgery. We aim to raise awareness and improve the lives of children in developing nations. Global involvement is important to us. The US is a developed nation and therefore we have the resources to help people in developing countries that do not have access to them. In this way we wish to make a global change by raising money towards this cause through fundraising events. We wanted to start this organization with the intent of becoming a part of our global community with a unified purpose in hopes of making a lasting difference by investing in the future. Through this journey, we would want to create lasting relationships, but also teach people about cultural differences and humanitarian values by opening their eyes to the world around them."
251,"Orthodox Christian Campus Ministries","Religious","Mission/Purpose: Our goal is to assist in educating as many people as possible about orthodox beliefs.  Organization Description: Christian organization that means on campus and has weekly meetings including a talk from a guest speaker and fellowship."
252,"Orthodox Christian Fellowship","Religious","The Orthodox Christian Fellowship of UT Dallas is committed to creating a home for the Orthodox Christians of UT Dallas. We are a place where Orthodox Christians can feel safe, accepted, and heard. As a religious club, we are also committed to making sure that the religious needs and questions of both Orthodox and non-Orthodox students of UTD are heard and answered."
253,"Out in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (oSTEM)","Academic Interests","The UT Dallas chapter of oSTEM provides an accepting environment for undergraduate/graduate LGBTQ+ students in STEM fields to build community. We offer professional development events to help you successfully navigate the workforce as an LGBTQ+ individual, and we host a variety of social events to allow you to connect with other students as part of an inclusive, safe community. Although oSTEM is targeted towards a specific group, anyone is welcome to join, regardless of identity, major, or any other diversifying factor.  Interested in joining? Send us an email, and we can provide you with information about our upcoming events—we'd love to have you!  Vision: We envision a world where LGBTQ people in the STEM community are empowered to achieve success in a safe and supportive environment that celebrates their diversity and unique contributions.  Mission: oSTEM empowers LGBTQ people in STEM to succeed personally, academically, and professionally by cultivating environments and communities that nurture innovation, leadership, and advocacy."
254,"Pakistani Students Association","Cultural","The organization's purpose shall be: To promote, celebrate, and represent Pakistani Culture, traditions, and values. The organization must foster a community that welcomes (but is not restricted to) Pakistani students affiliated with UT Dallas. As a social organization, our job is to bring aspects of our home country to campus through our events and meetings."
255,"Palette Hope","Art and Music","Palette Hope is an organization which allows individuals within campuses to receive emotional support and find HOPE through creativity. We are dedicated to providing art supplies as well as safe spaces throughout campuses where art can be used to promote personal growth. With the use of art, we are able to bring topics such as depression, anxiety, substance abuse, eating disorders, and sexual abuse to a wider platform."
256,"Partners In Health Engage at the University of Texas at Dallas","Special Interest","Partners In Health is a global health and social justice organization dedicated to addressing global health inequities through the provision of high-quality health care to the world’s poorest and sickest communities and through activism for the universal human right to health. Through solidarity with local governments, sister organizations, and community members, Partners In Health aims to provide a comprehensive model of care to provide a cure to injustice.  The mission of Partners In Health Engage at UTD is to support and amplify Partner In Health’s efforts to advance global health equity by building the right to health movement. We work to: Advocate for policies that enable governments to build functioning health systems Fundraise to support Partner In Health’s lifesaving programs Educate the public about global health and the unconscionable injustices faced by marginalized populations."
257,"Period Project","Educational/Departmental","As an organization at UT Dallas, we value all menstruating students. We recognize that period products should not be a luxury. We pursue menstrual equity through education, advocacy, and service. We believe that no student should be held back because of their period. We envision a world where no menstruator has to worry about how to manage their period. We are a service-based organization."
258,"Phi Alpha Theta","Honor","We are a professional society whose mission is to promote the study of history through the encouragement of research, good teaching, publication, and the exchange of learning and ideas among historians. We seek to bring students and teachers together for the intellectual and social exchanges that promote and assist historical research and publication by our members in a variety of ways."
259,"Phi Theta Kappa Iota of Texas","Services","As members of Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society, we dedicate ourselves to the ideas that academic excellence among college students will be recognized and celebrated; that opportunities to grow as scholars and leaders will be provided; that the exchange of ideas and ideals will be encouraged; and that members will be inspired to achieve their educational goals. We believe that membership in Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society is in recognition of our persistence and academic achievement, and we celebrate the Hallmarks of Phi Theta Kappa as being those of Scholarship, Leadership, Service, and Fellowship."
260,"Philosophy Club","Academic Interests","To grow and foster a love for philosophy at UT Dallas"
261,"Pickleball Club","Club Sports","To educate members on the sport of pickleball, facilitate an inclusive playing environment for members of all skill levels, and tp foster friendships among the members."
262,"Pokemon League at University of Texas at Dallas","Special Interest","Our mission is to provide a friendly and safe community centered around the shared interest of Pokémon which we achieving through fun activities, tournaments, social events, etc."
263,"Pre-Dental Association","Academic Interest","The Pre-Dental Association at the University of Texas at Dallas is a student-run organization that strives to provide fellow UTD students with valuable information and resources about the dental field. Through general meetings, symposiums, guest speakers, dental school visits, and much more, our members can gain the knowledge they need to successfully apply to dental school. The Pre-Dental Association also takes part in campus-wide events that allow it’s members to raise funds for various community dental care funds and create awareness for the importance of oral health for all. All of these components come together to create a very unique opportunity for UTD students to be part of an organization that gives back to its members and to the community.  Please visit our website for more information! www.utdpda.com."
264,"Pre-Medical Language Club","Academic Interests","PMLC (Pre-Medical Language Club) student organization at UT Dallas. We are an academic organization at UTD, that focuses on teaching and learning about medical terms in various languages to help Utdallas students gain cultural knowledge further aiding them in helping the community and with their further education in the medical field. Learning medical terms and phrases in different languages helps and prepares us to be better communicators and helps in breaking down the barrier that is present in healthcare. Our community is so beautiful and diverse that learning these phrases could help patients be more comfortable and communicate more easily with health professionals to get the best care. In this club, we would also like to make sure there is a sense of support and education of cultures, so we would like to discuss many cultural differences and different barriers that are present in the medical field, system, and our community overall, to help utd students who are pre-health, and even non-healthcare, so that they can use these skills in their future, to help the community."
265,"Pre-Occupational Therapy & Pre-Physical Therapy Association UTD","Educational/Departmental","Mission: To address the academic and pre-professional aspects of preparation for Pre-OT and Pre-PT students during their undergraduate training at UTD.  Our purpose is to facilitate a community of Occupational and Physical Therapy interested students. Overall, we are dedicated to preparing students for their future careers and for graduate school through volunteering, fundraising, application information, shadowing and tech job connections, guest speakers, and leadership opportunities."
266,"Pre-Optometry Professional Society","Academic Interests","POPS aims to inform prospective optometry about all aspects of the field of optometry, as well as the admission requirements and application process for entry into a professional program. POPS offers OATS prep books and study sessions to help prepare for the OAT. We also aim to be community leaders by giving students opportunities to give back to the community and further develop their social and technical skills. Other than providing help and opportunities, POPS also gives students a chance to meet new people and friends, as well as people with the same interests who are already working in the field of optometry. "
267,"Pre-Physician Assistant Society","Special Interest;Academic Interests;Educational/Departmental;Social;Special Interest","A society where we help aspiring PA’s strengthen their pathway and lift each other up"
268,"Preproduction Collaborative","Special Interest","Pre-production Collaborative is a club that allows students to develop their preproduction skills through hands-on practice. Our production cycles last a month, starting with a pitch day followed by 3 weeks of preproduction development. After pitch day, a director gets elected and our club does preproduction work (be it visual or narrative development) under that director's guidance. This offers students real-world experience in leadership, collaboration and creative development to help better prepare them to participate in creative industries in the future!"
269,"Pre-SOMA","Educational/Departmental","The purpose of Pre-SOMA is to promote and inform the public about osteopathic medical education, to increase the number of applicants to osteopathic medical schools, and to prepare our members for entrance into these schools."
270,"Pride at University of Texas at Dallas","Social","Pride@UTD serves as a safe forum for members to socialize and to discuss thoughts, ideas, and issues concerning sexual orientation and gender identity."
271,"Professional Asian Women-Student Association","Academic Interests","At PAW(SA), our mission statement is to let all female Asian students shine in the professional world through fellowship, education, and empowerment. By collaborating with our sponsors, Japanese Career Women (JCW), we aim to connect working Asian women with students to provide social and learning experiences. Come join us for mentorship opportunities, networking, and community bonding!"
272,"Project Management Club at UT Dallas","Educational/Departmental","The Project Management Club at UT-Dallas aims to promote and encourage Project Management related activities at The University of Texas at Dallas through networking, speaker events, workshops, mock exams, and reviews for professional certifications such as PMP ITIL. It's a common platform for students interested in Project Management and related fields."
273,"Project Sunshine UTD","Services","Project Sunshine at UTD is a service-oriented organization that aims to work with children with medical needs through education, volunteering, and fundraising. We seek to involve UTD students in achieving these goals through collaboration with the regional chapter of the national organization Project Sunshine. Project Sunshine at UTD will accomplish its goals through preparing materials by hosting “Kits for Play” packing events at least twice a year for distribution and use at various medical centers and volunteering (“Here to Play” and “TelePlay”) at children’s medical centers around the DFW area to carry out the mission of the national Project Sunshine. Our mission is to deliver the healing power of play to children with medical needs through passionate and dedicated volunteers."
274,"Protecting animals against abuse and aiding in welfare","Services","Our organization’s goal is to create a safe environment on campus for animals and for people to discuss and raise awareness of animal abuse and advocate for animal welfare through service and educational seminars."
275,"Punjabi Cultural Association","Cultural","We intend to unite all Puniabi students on campus, regardless of religion and region of origin. We aim to educate the student body on the diverse and rich culture found in every region with a Punjabi population, whether it be India, Pakistan, or any other region"
276,"Quality Assurance Organization","Academic Interests","'Test, Document, Improve' Quality Assurance Organization is a student organization focused on learning QA practices, providing detailed bug report, and just having a good time breaking (digital) things. We hope to improve our members as QA testers with hands on experience, and provide students valuable feedback on their projects at the same time. We are typically open to testing any project a student would want testing, let it be a video game, software, board game, etc."
277,"QUANTITATIVE FINANCE GROUP","Educational/Departmental; Academic Interests","Quantitative Finance Group’s mission is to provide our members with access to educational resources, professional networks, and practical experiences in the expansive and challenging domain of Quantitative Finance. We will organize workshops, guest lectures, trading competitions, and other activities to help UTD students develop their skills and knowledge of quantitative finance."
278,"Queer and Trans People of Color at UT Dallas","Cultural","Mission: To Promote the Herstory, Academic Success, Health, Civic Engagement, and Empowerment of all queer and trans people of color Purpose/Description: To provide a safe social environment to express the varying intersectional identities that come with being a queer and/or trans person of color. We strive to promote the History, Academic Success, Health, Civic Engagement, and Empowerment of all Queer and Trans People Of Color as well as to create a space for chosen families to foster specfically for queer and/or trans students of color who may not be fully embraced in all of their identities."
279,"Radio UTD","Student Media","As the student-run radio station for the University of Texas at Dallas, Radio UTD provides both music and talk show entertainment to the campus community. Founded in 2002, Radio UTD has grown steadily thanks to help from the University, student body, and ever supportive Dallas music scene. Our music blog is comprised of student bloggers who write album reviews, feature articles, and even cover local concerts. We also have a project in collaboration with UTDTV called Pseudo Stereo, in which we record sessions with local and touring bands on the UTD campus.  "
280,"Rainbow Six Siege Club at UTD","Special Interest","The Rainbow Six Siege Club at UTD’s purpose is to foster positive relationships among its members through playing Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six Siege casually and competitively. The club also should create an environment conducive to competitive success and allow for the creation of a healthy competitive environment.  Falling under the Club Sports and Recreation categories, we make it our priority for our members to have an experience that increases their interest, knowledge, and skill in the game, as well as having a group they can go to in order to relax, unwind, or grind with after a long day in classes."
281,"Rangam Indian Classical Dance Team","Special Interest","Rangam is the premiere competitive Indian classical dance team at the University of Texas at Dallas. We hope to bring awareness to the various different forms of Indian classical dance and share the art form with the UT Dallas community. Our dance team will give our members a means to channel their individuality, create bonds with one another, and continue to practice a form of dance that they have learned for many years. Our mission is to promote unity and discipline. Students will learn to make the most of the constructive criticism they receive during practice. This not only helps build their character but bolsters their perseverance. We will always approach our teammates with respect and dignity. As Rangam competes nationally and performs around the DFW metroplex, the University of Texas at Dallas will not only gain local recognition but be nationally known. Advertising this classical team will not only attract prospective students but will also showcase the diversity and talent at UT Dallas. "
282,"Reaching and Inspiring Student Engineers","Academic Interests","To create and present a STEM-focused curriculum to K-12 students through this service organization, inspiring them to pursue a degree/major in an engineering-related field."
283,"Real Estate Club at UTD","University Department","Inform. Connect. Develop  The Real Estate Club at the Herbert D. Weitzman Institute for Real Estate at the University of Texas at Dallas is committed to:   - Providing informative insights into the various real estate career fields available to students. - Connecting students to meaningful internship and job opportunities. - The medium to develop professional relationships with like-minded students and professionals passionate about real estate. "
284,"Reasonable Faith","Religious","Reasonable Faith at UTD is a Christian apologetics organization that discusses how Christianity could be reasonable using Science, History, and Philosophy. "
285,"Reasonable Faith UTD","Religious","Reasonable Faith aims to provide an open-minded, forum-style discussion focused on the scientific, philosophical, and historical evidence for the truth of Christianity."
286,"Reformed University Fellowship International","Religious","Reformed University Fellowship International (RUF-I) seeks to welcome and show hospitality to students and scholars from allnations; explore the gospel of Jesus Christ with interested students and scholars; and equip those students and scholars whowant to honor and enjoy God in every area of life."
287,"Reptile Club of UTD","Special Interest","We are a passionate group of individuals with a love of reptiles, amphibians, and other exotics alike. Our goal is to provide a social interest group, a place for students to get information about exotic animals, and help spread awareness of wildlife conservation, rescue, and care. As an organization our donations and funds will contribute to the organization's events, materials needed, and be donated to Nature's Edge Wildlife and Reptile Rescue in Fort Worth Texas. Making us a mix of social, service, and education as an organization. If you love reptiles/wildlife, or are just curious, come check us out!"
288,"RoboSub","Educational/Departmental","The goals of RoboSub are to Inspire and challenge students to learn and creatively apply science, technology, engineering, and math to solve real-world problems and strengthen their critical thinking, collaboration, entrepreneurship, and innovation. Build a robotic submarine to compete in inter-collegiate competitions and create and maintain an interdisciplinary community of engineers"
289,"SAP User's Group","Educational/Departmental","Mission: The mission of SUG is to help students establish a future career in SAP or other enterprise E-Business platforms as a systems user, in IT systems support, in consulting, systems evaluation, or other career opportunities that become available as enterprise systems and SAP evolve.  Vision: The vision of SAP Users’ Group (SUG) at UTD is to educate students through Enterprise Systems and SAP, offer students opportunities to network with industry professionals and help students kickstart a career in Enterprise Systems and SAP.  Organization Description: The SAP Users’ Group (SUG) at UTD was established in August 2004 and has grown quickly ever since. SUG prepares students for careers in accounting, sales, marketing, business operations, computer information technology, and other professions. SUG provides hands-on experience with the SAP software package, helping students get a head start in their careers."
290,"Scarcity Project","Academic Interests","The purpose of this organization is to allow students the opportunity to directly collaborate with organizations that are dedicated to providing sufficient sources of food, water, shelter, clothing and education around the world. This organization group falls under service as we plan on promoting education among peers and populations all over the world that are in need of services of a various array of services. Through this organization we plan on targeting a population source that is directly in need of aid in the realm of reading and writing (education), food, shelter and clothing. The service of the organization is not limited to the United States, but plans on doing work on a global platform. With the growing trend of this organization we hope to provide UTD students with ample opportunity to participate in volunteer services, mentorship, tutoring programs as well as several different fundraising projects that will directly raise funds to donate to different foundations. We believe that everyone should have an equal shot at life and providing adequate supplies to sustain life would be a huge step towards this cause. Through establishing this organization the aim will be to coordinate and work with differing projects and connect UTD students to these organizations devoted to promoting global relief. We value dedication, teamwork, empathy and equal opportunity for everyone so that they can receive the education that they deserve.   "
291,"Scientific Computing Club ","Academic Interests","Many incoming freshmen, sophomores, and even long-standing upperclassmen will major in a STEM subject, none the wiser to the importance of having command of one or more programming languages for scientific use. With the increasing availability of PCs, and the outstanding need to perform more rigorous and expensive calculations, knowing how to code a simple algorithm makes a proper difference in the eligibility of a job applicant. Knowing this, the Scientific Computing Club intends to (with a multi-disciplinary approach) inform interested students about methods in scientific computing, and to provide the experience of working in tandem with a computer to expand the range of a future scientist or engineer to tackle problems that are impossible with the range of pen and paper.  Modern problems in STEM will be solved for with the use of computers to illustrate the need for knowledge of these methods, and opportunities that may make use of the knowledge learned from this club (employment, research, etc.) will be provided to interested students. Students will be able to tie these methods to current courses to gain intimate experience about the benefits of computing literacy. The rudimentary goal of the Scientific Computing Club is to allow students to confidently work concurrently with computing methods to grow their confidence in future pursuits, and to become a better scientist overall."
292,"Service-dog In Training (SIT)","Special Interest","UTD SIT is a collegiate group supported by Canine Companions. We give students the opportunity to raise and train puppies with Canine Companions, and these puppies go on to do great things. These puppies may go on to be service dogs for those with physical or mental disabilities, hearing aids, facility dogs, or as various other supporters."
293,"Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE UTD)","Educational/Departmental","SAE UTD's mission statement is to provide greater education and opportunities in automobile engineering for the student body at The university of Texas at Dallas. We find this an important mission as UTD currently does not have a dedicated automotive engineering program.  SAE UTD is a chapter branch of SAE international which consists of a global association of more than 128.00 engineers and technical experts in the automotive, aerospace, and commercial vehicle industry. SAE UTD aims to connect those industry professionals and bring them to The University of Texas at Dallas. The parent SAE organization also hosts Collegiate Design Series (CDS) which our chapter participates in and operates under the name Dallas Formula Racing. Dallas Formula Racing currently hosts two projects teams - Formula SAE IC and Formula SAE EV."
294,"Sikh Students Association","Religious","Previously active in 2017, the UTD Sikh Students Association has been re-established to raise awareness about Sikhi on campus and foster a sense of belonging for Sikhs at UTD. We host events, like discussions, workshops, seva, history lessons, game nights, sports tournaments, and socials to build a community for Sikhs on campus. The organization upholds the Sikh values of humility, respect, love for all, and helping others in need. People from all walks of life are welcome to join, and we provide ample opportunities and resources to learn about Sikhi, help people in the community, and learn from peers. Inclusivity is one of Sikhi's core values, so we look to educate others - Sikh or not - about us and what we stand for."
295,"Skate Club","Special Interest","Mission/Purpose:  To introduce new skaters to skating and to allow skaters to spend time with others who share the same interest. We would like to foster an environment that motivates others to skate. "
296,"Small Business Owners Association","Educational/ Departmental","The mission of the Small Business Owners Association is to provide a supportive and collaborative community for all niches of small business owners. We strive to foster networking opportunities, share knowledge, and offer resources that empower our members to start, grow, and sustain successful businesses. Our club is committed to promoting entrepreneurship, facilitating skill development, and advocating for the interests of small business owners in our community."
297,"Society for Chronic Pain","Special Interest","Society for MS and Chronic Pain will be devoted to raising awareness about Chronic pain and Multiple Sclerosis. This organization aims to gather motivated and passionate individuals who would be willing to donate their time for the above cause. As a group, we aim to create awareness in the DFW area. We would also reach out to low socioeconomic communities in the DFW area and provide assistance based on our capabilities. Our reason for targeting low socioeconomic communities is that most of them work jobs that cause physical stress leading to underlying injuries which would cause pain. This organization will serve UT Dallas and its students by giving them opportunities to interact with people and help make a difference in their life.    "
298,"Society for Human Resource Management at the University of Texas at Dallas","Academic Interests","Our mission is to help our members develop into Human Resource Management professionals equipped for a successful career in the human resources field by promoting personal, professional, and leadership development. Our Chapter focuses on membership engagement through networking opportunities, affiliation with Dallas HR, Texas SHRM, and SHRM National, and participation in community outreach events. "
299,"Society for the Advancment of Chicanos/Hispanics and Native Americans in Science","Educationa/ Departmental","Fostering the success of Chicanos/Hispanics and Native Americans, from college students to professionals, in attaining advanced degrees, careers, and positions of leadership in STEM."
300,"Society of Asian Scientists and Engineers UT Dallas Chapter","Academic Interests","We aim to build a community for Asian heritage scientific and engineering professionals to achieve their full potential, with different opportunities to meet friends and build your career."
301,"Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers","Educational/Departmental","Empowering and Advancing the Latino Community"
302,"Society of Physics Students at UTD","Educational/Departmental","The purpose of the Society of Physics Students (SPS) is to assist physics students in developing themselves professionally, academically, and as a part of the broader scientific community. SPS at UTD hosts meetings, social events, and physics enrichment and outreach events, as well as representing SPS national."
303,"Society of Women Engineers","Educational/Departmental","Society of Women Engineers (SWE) is an organization devoted to helping women engineers excel in the workplace through networking, internship, and job opportunities. Our objective is to provide information, aid, and useful tools to women n engineers, gearing them and preparing women for the tough workplace ahead."
304,"Society of Women Engineers","Educational/Departmental","The Society of Women Engineers (SWE) stimulates women to achieve full potential in careers as engineers and leaders, expand the image of the engineering profession as a positive force in improving the quality of life, and demonstrate the value of diversity.  SWE at UTD values service, professional development, and networking. Consequently, we host various development and recruitment events with companies in the Dallas/ Fort Worth area, identify relevant volunteer opportunities, and provide members with an opportunity to be sponsored to attend the SWE annual conference."
305,"Sommiloni of Bengali Students","Cultural","This cultural organization intends to share the joy of festivities and sweetness of our language and culture with everyone at UTD and beyond creating an atmosphere of cultural enrichment, exchange, and cross-country relations. We strive to bring students together that share common interests for festivities, culture, networking, socializing, and volunteer work. We make sure each member feels included in a community in which we find a home away from home. Not only will it help students find a brotherhood/sisterhood, but it will also provide an opportunity to nurture future friendships and academic and professional advancements. We endeavor to mentor and provide a platform to nourish talent in academics and non-academics."
306,"South Asian American Voter Empowerment UTD ","Political","This political organization hopes to increase voter participation, especially among the South Asian community, and engage in productive conversations to achieve their economic, political and social goals. This organization will serve all UT Dallas students by allowing for a safe space for voters to use their voice and mass mobilize to improve voter empowerment."
307,"South Asian Community Health (SACH)","Special Interest","SACH is an organization that aims to promote patient education and advocate against health disparities affecting the South Asian community through project-based initiatives."
308,"South Asian Medical Society (SAMS)","Academic Interests","Our South Asian Medical Society at UTD values cultural sensitivity, inclusivity, education, and empowerment. We believe in integrating cultural understanding into health care, addressing disparities, and empowering our members for culturally sensitive practices. Our hope is for a future with equitable health care, cultural integration, and a unified, diverse health-care community. This organization falls under the category of education."
309,"South Asian Student Association","Cultural","Our purpose of the South Asian Student Association organization is to give a sense of unity, understanding, and share information about the South Asian culture. We are here to promote religious harmony and portray the beauty of the South Asian diaspora. By education, events and arrangements we are trying to provide an identity for South Asians."
310,"Splatoon at UTD","Special Interest","To facilitate a thriving casual community of Splatoon players at UT Dallas and provide resources and space for students interested in competing in collegiate Splatoon tournaments. We strive to provide versatile events to bring together students interested in playing Splatoon in community settings and within a variety of skill levels, while also introducing people to the competitive scene and providing resources to get further involved."
311,"SpongeBob Club at the University of Texas at Dallas","Social","Thursdays 5:30-6:30"
312,"SpongeBob Club at the University of Texas at Dallas","Special Interest","To bring together UTD students with a common love of SpongeBob"
313,"Stitch to Enrich","Special Interest","To facilitate a creative environment that encourages crafting and learning while promoting awareness and helping the community."
314,"Stop Pretending You Can't Dance","Special Interest","To teach and spread the joys of partner dancing! Stop Pretending You Can't Dance (SPYCD) is a university dance club aimed at promoting and spreading the joys of partner dancing among UTD students! We offer lessons that are beginner friendly but also progressive in difficulty in order to provide healthy challenges and enjoyment to our members."
315,"Strings Attached","Special Interest","Strings Attached is a social music club based at The University of Texas at Dallas. Strings Attached (abv. StAt) hosts a wide variety of events: these include jam sessions, socials, open mics, and our concerts! The ultimate goal of Strings Attached is to encourage the collaboration of musicians across all genres and walks of life, and to provide a place for all students to express their love for music and performance."
316,"Student Game Developer Association ","Academic Interests","We serve to create a growing community of students and industry professionals to promote game development. We foster this community by hosting various events to help our members learn technical and professional skills associated with the games industry."
317,"Student Government","Student Government","The mission of the Student Government is to ensure that UT Dallas is fully committed to serving the collective interests of the student body. In this capacity, we serve as the official student voice to UT Dallas administration, the UT System Board of Regents, and other governmental entities.      The Student Government seeks to enhance spirit, protect University traditions, and support all students and student organizations in their academic and community-directed endeavors.      For further information, including information about elections, meeting times, and past projects, please visit our website at sg.utdallas.edu."
318,"Student Leadership Programs","University Department","The Student Leadership Programs offer leadership training throughout the academic year. Our goal is to create, facilitate and foster leadership learning opportunities and experiences for all students.   "
319,"Student Organization Center","Educational/Departmental","The Student Organization Center, affectionately known as SOC, assists students in connecting to the UT Dallas community. There are over 300 registered student organizations on campus. Wherever your passions lie, you're sure to find a place to call home.  We encourage all Comets to Explore. Engage. Create."
320,"Student Tutors Reviving Identity through Volunteerism and Education","Educational/Departmental","STRIVE was founded in 2019 to help underprivileged students in the DFW metroplex have the chance to live up to their true potential. Our initiative first started as a means for Refugee and ESL students to work with select mentors. Our work focused on helping the students overcome language barriers, learn that diversity is indeed accepted, and to think beyond primary education. This initiative was a success as we had a lot of students interested in higher education after various discussions.  Unfortunately, many of them struggled to gain acceptance due to the compounding effects of the language barrier. Without a solid grasp of English, performance in various other subjects takes a significant hit. Based on this dilemma, we decided that it was essential to develop a tutoring program for these students to connect them with tutor-mentors from similar backgrounds who would guide the students and allow them to overcome this barrier.  We see a bright future for these students, and we want to tap into their potential by providing them with one-on-one subject strategy training and educational advice. Our motto is that every student should have the right to succeed regardless of their background. Language should not be an obstacle to success. We currently work with Lake Highlands High School in the Richardson Independent School District (RISD).  Currently looking to expand, we look forward to continuing our mission to eliminate educational disparities."
321,"Student Tutors Reviving Identity through Volunteerism and Education","Educational/Departmental","We strive to empower underprivileged students to overcome language barriers, embrace diversity, and to succeed and thrive beyond primary education. "
322,"Students for Justice in Palestine","Political;Educational/Departmental; Academic Interests","SJP is a diverse group of students, faculty, staff, and community members at the University of Texas at Dallas. We are organized on democratic principles to promote: Justice, Human rights, Liberation, and Self-determination, for the Palestinian people."
323,"Students for Middle Eastern Education and Relief","Educational/Departmental","Our club aims to educate UTD students in an effort to reverse stereotypes and misconceptions about the Middle East while raising funds for emergency relief. The purpose of this is to ensure our peers learn about the complexities and immense culture the Middle East has to offer. Our organization will host informational meetings, culture nights, and fundraisers among many other events. "
324,"Students for Neurodiversity Aligned Practices ","Educational/Departmental; Social; Special Interest; Academic interest; services; cuktural","Our mission is to create an inclusive and supportive community that celebrates neurodiversity and advocates for practices that affirm and embrace the diverse strengths, challenges, and perspectives of individuals with neurological differences.  Purpose: To connect and network with students, staff and faculty members who have an interest in learning about the neurodiversity paradigm and incorporating neurodiversity aligned practices into their professions. We offer professional development opportunities such as guest speakers from various fields and community advocacy and educational initiatives.  We are a student-led organization of future leaders in various fields committed to promoting understanding, respect, and acceptance for neurodivergent individuals within our campus and broader community. We offer opportunities to learn from neurodiversity-affirming professionals as well as create awareness and advocate for the implementation of neurodiversity aligned practices. All neurotypes are welcome!"
325,"Tabletop RPG Club at the University of Texas at Dallas","Special Interest","The Tabletop RPG Club at the University of Texas at Dallas aims to create a friendly and creative environment for people to engage in tabletop gaming."
326,"Taking Real Understanding To Heart Bible club (T.R.U.T.H Bible club)","Religious","Reveal the profound mystery of Elohim God, God the Mother, and other prophecies testified in the bible to UTD students, volunteer, and do other events and activities."
327,"TaRaas","Cultural","UTD TaRaas is UTD's premier competitive Raas/Garba dance team. Through Raas/Garba, we aim to provide our members a means to create lifelong friendships and have fun. "
328,"Tau Beta Pi","Educational/Departmental","Organization Description: Tau Beta Pi is universally recognized as the preeminent engineering honor society that students of all engineering disciplines strive to join. Founded in 1885 at Lehigh University, Tau Beta Pi is the oldest engineering honor society in the United States. There are now chapters in 250 US colleges and universities, 47 active alumni chapters in 16 districts across the country, and a total initiated membership of approximately 607,000.  The Texas Xi chapter was officially registered on February 15, 2020. Our chapter strives to promote future growth by nurturing integrity, character and service. As a new chapter, our current objective is to increase awareness of the chapter on campus, through professional, service and recreational events.  Mission and Purpose: As the only academic honor society that confers recognition on individuals from all engineering disciplines, Tau Beta Pi: - Recognizes those who have conferred honor upon their Alma Maters by distinguished scholarship and exemplary character -- as students in engineering or by their attainments as alumni in the field of engineering - Provides leadership and professional development training for engineering students and alumni members. - Promotes lifelong alumnus member involvement and cultivates a community of dedicated high achievers"
329,"Tau Beta Pi","Academic Interests","As the only academic honor society that confers recognition on eligible individuals from all engineering disciplines, Tau Beta Pi recognizes those who have conferred honor upon their Alma Maters by distinguished scholarship and exemplary character as students in engineering, or by their attainments as alumni in the field of engineering, provides leadership and professional development training for engineering students and alumni members, and promotes lifelong alumnus member involvement and cultivates a community of dedicated high achievers."
330,"TEDxUTD","Academic Interest; Educational/Departmental; Special Interest","TEDx was created in the spirit of TED's mission, \"ideas worth spreading,\" supporting independent organizers who want to create a TED-like event in their own community. TEDxUTD expands on this mission, bringing ideas worth spreading to UT Dallas."
331,"Teen Learning Wizards","Services","Teen Learning Wizards (TLW) is a service-oriented organization that seeks to support the academic needs of K-12 students in core subjects. Core subjects such as math, science, and language arts often pose a challenge for students as they can face many roadblocks while tackling challenging homework problems and assignments. Our mission is to help children overcome any educational barriers and lead them to success. By offering free tutoring services and other academic programming, TLW strives to bolster standardized testing scores, support local families in the DFW region, and cultivate a love of learning in students. Volunteer mentors, who are members within Teen Learning Wizards, benefit from guest speaker events, networking opportunities, and activities that enable them to develop professional skills.  "
332,"Telugu Students Federation","Cultural","The Telugu Students Federation aims to promote and celebrate the rich culture and heritage of the Telugu language and associated traditions. Through cultural events, community-building initiatives, and collaboration, we aim to ensure the preservation and sharing of our heritage, connecting Telugu students across the campus."
333,"Texas Chi Chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon","Fraternity & Sorority Life","The True Gentleman is the man whose conduct proceeds from good will and an acute sense of propriety, and whose self-control is equal to all emergencies; who does not make the poor man conscious of his poverty, the obscure man of his obscurity, or any man of his inferiority or deformity; who is himself humbled if necessity compels him to humble another; who does not flatter wealth, cringe before power, or boast of his own possessions or achievements; who speaks with frankness but always with sincerity and sympathy; whose deed follows his word; who thinks of the rights and feelings of others, rather than his own; and who appears well in any company, a man with whom honor is sacred and virtue safe."
334,"Texas Rising UTD","Special Interest","Advocacy and Civic Engagement Organization Non-Partisan "
335,"The Accounting Club (TAC)","Educational/Departmental","The Accounting Club strives to provide members with knowledge of accounting careers, networking & collaboration events, and community service opportunities."
336,"The American Society of Mechanical Engineers at UTD","Academic Interest; social","Our mission is to enhance the educational experience of mechanical engineering students at The University of Texas at Dallas by offering opportunities for hands-on experience, networking, and professional development that will assist them in achieving their future professional goals."
337,"The Animation Guild at UT Dallas","Academic Interests","To build a community of students working together to break into the animation industry."
338,"The Association For Supply Chain Mangement","Educational/Departmental","Mission= The UT Dallas Chapter of the Association for Supply Chain Management is a student led Supply Chain organization that connects SCM students with industry knowledge by hosting professionals and organizing interactive learning events that serve as career advancing opportunities. ASCM creates a career development atmosphere by encouraging student involvement and navigating learning initiatives that directly relate to skills and topics relevant to students’ future Supply Chain career.  Purpose= Give students the skills needed to be successful leaders in the supply chain industry   Organization Description= We are the UTD student Chapter of the Association for Supply Chain Management"
339,"The Comet Symphonique at UT Dallas","Arts and Music","To promote both instrumental music throughout the campus and encourage membership of students with musical experience as well as the desire to be involved in the musical arts, including String Orchestra, Wind Ensemble, Brass Ensemble, Jazz Ensemble, and University Orchestra."
340,"The Computer Security Group","Academic Interest; social; educational/departmental; special interest; recreation","The Computer Security Group, The CSG, or CSG; is an organization dedicated to security education and creating a community for security enthusiasts of all levels to share experience and knowledge with each other."
341,"The Dialogue Society","Academic Interest; Cultural; Social; Special Interest","The Dialogue Society's purpose is to create a platform that values inclusion and continuous learning, where people from different cultures, ideologies and backgrounds can come together and connect through meaningful conversations. Our aim is to focus on the exchange of values and foster intercultural dialogue through a range of activities such as educational events, social/cultural programs, volunteering and leadership initiatives. Through learning from each other, we hope to achieve a shared understanding of differences and serve the community in various ways."
342,"The Drawing Sessions","Art and Music","The Drawing Sessions provides a place for UTD students to learn about art with a focus on figure drawing regardless of skill level. We believe that being part of a community plays a huge part in learning skills, art included."
343,"The Historical Swordfighting Guild of UT Dallas","Club Sports","SFGUTD aims to study historical Italian longsword, and other historical forms of combat such as saber, messer, or even historical wrestling. We learn from reconstructed and translated historical combat manuals written by fencing masters from the 1400's onward. The modern martial practiced by combatants such as us is referred to as HEMA, or Historical European Martial Arts, or just Historical Fencing."
344,"The Ismaili Muslim Students Association at UT Dallas","Religious","IMSA is an organization meant to bridge the gaps between Ismaili Muslim students at UTD and bring them together over several events. We host socials, networking panels, community service events, and mentorship programs meant for the students to gain a sense of belonging on campus and make new friends/connections."
345,"The Lavender Club","Social","Our club is dedicated to discussing and raising awareness on current events for queer women and nonbinary people, advocating for equity, and fundraising for LGBTQ+ charities. This club intends to foster a safe and welcoming environment for those who feel ostracized and encourage those to facilitate their voices. Finally, we strive to create close relationships and build a community for young queer women and nonbinary students in the DFW area. "
346,"The Magic the Gathering Club At The University of Texas at Dallas","Recreation","Provide a place for people to play, enjoy and discuss Magic the Gathering"
347,"The Mercury","Student Programming Board","UTD's student-run newspaper since 1980. During the fall and spring semesters, we publish an issue every two weeks; during the summer semester, every three weeks. If you are interested in being hired as a writer/reporter, graphics artist, or photographer, please email our editor-in-chief at editor@utdmercury.com to learn more about the application process. If you would like to write an op-ed, see our website for more information.   Feel free to reach out if you have any questions, and don't hesitate to check us out on social media or on our website. "
348,"The Minority Association of Pre-Medical Students (MAPS)","Educational/Departmental","The Minority Association of Pre-Medical Students (MAPS) is committed to supporting current and future underrepresented minority medical students, addressing the needs of underserved communities, and increasing the number of clinically excellent, culturally competent, and socially conscious physicians."
349,"The National Society of Leadership and Success (NSLS)","Academic Interests","The mission of the NSLS is \"building leaders who make a better world\". The NSLS is a student-led honor society with over 800 campuses involved across the US. The board will walk members through the \"Foundations of Leadership\" program where they learn to set goals and build leadership skills. "
350,"The Period Project","Educational/Departmental","Period Project is a UTD organization dedicated to ending period poverty on campus and in the DFW area. We have three branches: education, advocacy, and service. Our education branch focuses on educating our community on issues that surround menstruators. Our advocacy branch lobbies for different legislation and on-campus menstrual equity efforts. Lastly, our service branch hosts packing events and works to provide free and accessible menstrual products to our surrounding community."
351,"The Product Base Club - UTD","Educational/Departmental","The Product Base is a student organization club for the UTD students to develop a deeper understanding and gain hands-on experience in Product Management through expert sessions, workshops, and case studies.  Mission: We are on a mission to spread awareness about Product Management to the UT Dallas students.  Vision: To help and train UT Dallas students to be successful Product Managers that are effective contributors to the company."
352,"The Product League","Educational/Departmental","The Product League is a student-led organization at the University of Texas at Dallas (UTD) that focuses on product management education and professional development. The organization aims to provide students with a comprehensive understanding of product management through a variety of activities, events, and programs.  Product League offers various workshops, speaker events, and networking opportunities to its members. These events are designed to help students learn about the product management industry, improve their skills, and connect with industry professionals. Additionally, the organization provides its members with access to job postings and internship opportunities in product management.  The organization is run by a team of UTD students who are passionate about product management and dedicated to helping other students succeed in the field. Product League is open to all UTD students who are interested in product management, regardless of their major or background.  Overall, Product League is an excellent resource for UTD students who want to learn more about product management and build a career in the field. By joining the organization, students can gain valuable knowledge and skills, as well as connect with like-minded individuals and industry professionals."
353,"The Public Health Advocate","Academic Interests","The Public Health Advocate is dedicated to ensuring that UTD students are given the opportunity to pursue their interests relating to Public Health. The PHA wants to provide students with the chance to gain educational and vocational experiences in the field of public health in a pursuit to better the Richardson community and subsequently, the global community. The PHA wants to empower its members to become the future healthcare leaders of tomorrow."
354,"The Real Estate Club at UTD","Educational/Departmental","Mission: To empower and connect aspiring real estate professional. The Real Estate Club fosters a dynamic community focused on education, networking, and innovation. We strive to equip our members with the skills, knowledge, and opportunities needed to succeed in the ever-evolving real estate industry. Through collaboration, diversity, and social responsibility, we aim to cultivate a supportive environment that prepares our members for impactful careers and contributions to the broader community.  Purpose: Real Estate is a relationship-driven industry in which connections might be the difference between landing a job or not. At our core, the Real Estate Club's goal is to help facilitate these connections while providing the necessary technical skills to break into the industry.  Organization Description: Through the Real Estate Club, students meet leading industry professionals, learn best practices through events, participate in case competitions, attend industry conferences, and network with alums, faculty, and other students passionate about real Estate. Additionally, the Real Estate Club also has deep employer relationships and offers students internships and permanent employment opportunities."
355,"The Riichi Mahjong Club","Recreation","Mahjong is a traditional Asian game that is unique from all of the other tabletop games. The Riichi Mahjong Club values sportsmanship and the spirit of competition. We encourage important skills like observation, risk management, and strategy. Since there are many international students in UTD and mahjong is famous in Asia, we hope this mahjong club can help American students to touch the Asian culture, and help those international students to find their fellows."
356,"The Society for Human Resource Management at UT Dallas","Educational/Departmental","Mission: Our mission is to help our members develop into Human Resource Management professionals equipped for a successful career in the human resources field by promoting personal, professional, and leadership development. Our Chapter focuses on membership engagement through networking opportunities, affiliation with DallasHR, Texas SHRM, and SHRM National, and participation in community outreach events. Purpose: Our vision is to develop all aspiring Human Resource Management professionals from UT Dallas and equip them with the skills necessary for successful careers in human resources. Organization: The Society for Human Resources Management at UTD is a proud affiliate of SHRM National. As an affiliated student chapter, SHRM at UT Dallas has access to a national network of student chapters, assistance, billing autonomy, are distinguished as being apart of the world's largest HR Association, provided chapter supplies, and experience the \"real world\" of HR, while participating in the student chapter merit award program, leadership development opportunities, and networking opportunities."
357,"The Society of Women Engineers","Educational/Departmental","Our mission at SWE is to provide a safe and inclusive space for anyone looking to pursue a career in engineering. We welcome everyone, and you don’t have to be a woman to join. We have a lot of programs here at SWE UTD, such as SWEMatch, LITmp, Industry events. "
358,"The SpongeBob Club at the University of Texas at Dallas","Special Interest","To bring together UTD students with a common love of SpongeBob"
359,"The Taekwondo Club at The University of Texas at Dallas","Recreation","The Taekwondo Club at The University of Texas at Dallas is a recreational group that aims to teach Taekwondo to students of all skill levels who are interested in the sport. The curriculum includes patterns, sparring, and general kicking techniques. This organization also aims to provide a community for students to support each other and socialize."
360,"The Texas Humanitarian Initiative","Political","The purpose of the Club is to promote public health and humanitarian efforts by: • Cleaning up streets and public spaces in Texas to enhance the overall well-being of the community. • Promoting sustainable practices to protect the environment and improve public health. • Diminishing misinformation related to public health by educating the public through various means. • Advocating for public health policies and initiatives that benefit the people of Texas."
361,"Theta Tau (Alpha) UTD Fraternity","Fraternity & Sorority Life","The purpose of this fraternity shall be to develop and maintain a high standard of professional interest among its members and to unite them in a strong bond of fraternal fellowship by engaging its members in career-enriching projects and industry connections. Our mission is to provide an affordable professional Greek life where students can be part of a brotherhood that provides career-building, and network opportunities."
362,"Treasure Ministries","Religious","Guiding people to enjoy the treasures of Christ and share him with the nations."
363,"True Crime Association","Academic Interests","The purpose of TCA is to spread knowledge about true crime from many parts of the world. In addition, TCA plans to educate its members on safety and preventative measures in hopes to instill awareness in students at the University of Texas at Dallas. "
364,"Turkish Student Association ","Cultural","The purpose of this student organization is to bring all Turkish and non-Turkish students together to form unity on campus. The main idea is to share our knowledge and organize fun activities introducing Turkish culture and language. We aim to host social and educational activities to bring educational and cultural diversification.  "
365,"Turning Point USA at UTD","Political","Turning Point USA’s mission is to educate students about the importance of fiscal responsibility, free markets, and capitalism through innovative campus activism and non-partisan, thought-provoking discussion. To promote and uphold American moral values through example and conviction."
366,"Undergraduate Accounting Club","Educational/Departmental","The Undergraduate Accounting Club is directed towards promoting the knowledge of the accounting profession and preparing future business leaders for career prospects. The club organizes events enabling students to learn more about the accounting profession from faculty members and accomplished accounting professionals including Fortune 500 companies. The club also conducts skill development workshops and networking events, bridging the gap between students and professionals. "
367,"UNICEF at UT Dallas","Academic Interests","UNICEF at UTD's mission is to educate, advocate and fundraise for international and local child survival projects by the U.S. Fund for UNICEF."
368,"Unicycle Club","Special Interest","To teach the art and sport of unicycling and foster the UTD community of unicyclists! All levels are welcome and unicycles are provided."
369,"United Mission for Relief and Development","Services","•	To raise awareness and funds for those in poverty, catastrophe, and natural disasters in the community and globally.  •	To satisfy the UMR purpose of implementing relief and development programs that improve lives. •	To offer the UTD student body a chance to give back through their time, community service, and have an impact on poverty in the community and globally. •	To promote an environment of compassion and spiritual growth among members. •	To encourage collaboration with other organizations on campus with similar goals. "
370,"University Blood Initiative","Academic Interests","UTD Blood Initiative is dedicated to service, healthcare, and community. We host on-campus blood drives and offer related volunteer opportunities every single month. We also foster an educated community through pre-medical and other general professional and social events."
371,"User Experience (UX) Club","Academic Interests","The UT Dallas User Experience Club is a student organization that aims to: - Learn and understand UX theory and practice through lectures, workshops, and conferences - Support each other as a community by encouraging sharing and collaboration network - Develop positive relationships with industry professionals and alumni - Promote awareness and understanding of UX through mentoring and volunteering"
372,"UTD Akshaya Patra","Services","Akshaya Patra is a nonprofit charity organization based in India. Our mission is to end childhood hunger while promoting education, “No child in India shall be deprived of education because of hunger.” Our UTD chapter is dedicated to fundraising through campus-wide events to provide Akshaya Patra kitchens with more funds and the ability to expand to more areas in India. We continue the Mission of Akshaya Patra by volunteering for hunger and Food-donation causes in the DFW area as well (Food banks, Food pantries, etc.)."
373,"UTD Awaazein","Art and Music","Premiere National South Asian A Cappella Competition"
374,"UTD Baha'i Club","Religious","The purpose of this club shall be to further the tenets of the Baha'i Faith, to invite those interested to investigate the faith for themselves; to promote the unity of mankind; and to foster understanding, love and fellowship on this campus by sponsoring such things as lectures, information tables, service projects, discussions, informal gatherings, social activities, and public meetings. This club shall not endorse any partisan or political group on a campus level or otherwise, and shall remain not-for-profit add non-commercial in nature. "
375,"UTD DECA","Educational/Departmental","DECA is an educational organization that prepares emerging leaders and entrepreneurs in marketing, finance, hospitality, and management in high schools and colleges around the globe."
376,"UTD Deeds Not Words","Educational/Departmental","The mission of Deeds Not Words (DNW) is to build the leadership and power of young people and encourage progressive change in our communities. DNW believes in an intersectional community in which women, LGBTQ+, and other minority communities can have equal representation and economic equality through dismantling economic injustices that disproportionately and negatively affect our society’s most vulnerable.  "
377,"UTD Foster Connect","Special Interest","Mission/Purpose: The first organization of its kind, Foster Connect aims to serve Dallas area foster youth through mentorship, tutoring, and advocacy. Texas has one of the largest foster care systems with 47,000 foster youth entering in 2019 alone, many of which are in Dallas and Collin County. We hope to bridge the gap between these communities and foster long-term mentorships with UT Dallas students. "
378,"UTD Raftaar","Art and Music","To showcase our culture and Indian American heritage through dance. "
379,"UTD Service Dogs in Training (SIT) FKA Collegiate Canine Companions for Independence","Social","Purpose: The purpose of UTD Service Dogs in Training (SIT) is to encourage The University of Texas at Dallas (hereafter referred to as UT Dallas) students, staff, and faculty to serve the community as volunteers for Canine Companions for Independence through puppy raising, fundraising, and spreading assistance dog awareness to UT Dallas and the community with support and guidance from the organization.  Mission: UTD SIT is focused on pairing higher education with the rewarding experience of working with assistance dogs. The organization will accomplish this by “Assisting Outstanding People to Raise Outstanding Assistance Dogs.”  Organization Description: UTD Service Dogs in Training (SIT) is a Canine Companions-affiliated college organization that seeks to pair higher education with the experience of raising and working with service dogs. The organization supports the unique experience of college puppy raisers by spreading service dog awareness, fundraising, training puppy sitters, and by working with UTD staff and faculty to allow for the SIT puppies to go to classes and events."
380,"UTD Students Demand Action","Special Interest","UTD Students Demand Action’s main goal is to spark a conversation and change about gun reform, specifically in the DFW area, given that we’ve sadly been affected by this epidemic in our community. Our plan is to connect, educate, and be a call to action students to to be advocates in gun reform. "
381,"UTD TV","Student Media","Welcome to UTD TV! (Click me)  UTD TV aims to create high quality content to inform and entertain the UT Dallas community while providing production experience for our members.  We typically have several YouTube series running at a time spanning a variety of topics from unsolved mysteries, gaming, to on-campus activities. The active shows depend on what has been pitched by our members for the semester. At the same time we normally have creative production underway, working on a larger short film per semester. This short film goes through all stages of production from script revision to editing and distribution, allowing TV members to gain production experience all across the board.  Our scheduled shows and short films are submitted several times a year for competition at national college festivals like CBI or AFF. In the past we've won awards for best station promo, sports show, and more!   If you have any questions at all don't hesitate to reach out to stationmanager@utdtv.com, or Fults, Payton Baylie on Microsoft Teams."
382,"UTDesign Makerspace","Educational/Departmental","The mission of UTDesign Makerspace is to provide an environment of innovation, collaboration, and education where Makers can develop their skills and projects among their peers with access to current and next-generation technology."
383,"UTDuelists","Recreation","To provide students on campus a local place to explore their interests and hobbies and learn about the card game, “Yu-Gi-Oh!” with other students in a friendly manner without needing to buy cards or drive to card shops in both the casual and competitive styles of the game."
384,"UTDuelists","Recreation","To provide students on campus a local place to explore their interests and hobbies relating to trading card games and learn about one of the world's largest TCG's \"Yu-Gi-Oh!\" with other students in a friendly manner without needing to buy cards or drive to card shops in both casual and competitive styles of gameplay."
385,"Vaalmeengal Tamil Sangam","Academic Interests","The mission of UTD Vaalmeengal Tamil Sangam is to provide a mutually supportive and positive learning the environment in which every individual member can develop communication and leadership skills. In order to carry out this purpose, this club shall: • Uphold and treasure the Tamil art, culture, and heritage. • Celebrate Tamil festivals and functions. • Provide for its individual members' fair and constructive evaluation of their efforts toward self-improvement. • Serve as one platform for all Tamil-speaking people to unite and delight the identity amongst multiple cultures. • Edify our youth with the richness, knowledge, and history of the Tamil language and culture. • Help its individual members improve their abilities to communicate effectively and impart leadership training for all its individual members"
386,"Vaalmeengal Tamil Sangam","Academic Interests","The mission of UTD Vaalmeengal Tamil Sangam is to provide a mutually supportive and positive learning environment in which every individual member has the opportunity to develop communication and leadership skills. In order to carry out this purpose, this club shall: • Uphold and treasure the Tamil art, culture and heritage. • Celebrate Tamil festivals and functions. • Provide for its individual members' fair and constructive evaluation of their efforts toward self improvement. • Serve as one platform for all Tamil speaking people to unite and delight the identity amongst multiple cultures. • Edify our youth with the richness, knowledge and history of Tamil language and culture.  • Help its individual members improve their abilities to communicate effectively and impart leadership training for all its individual members"
387,"Vietnamese International Network of Culture, Education and Friendship","Educational/Departmental;Cultural;Social ;","VINCEF is an organization dedicated to Vietnamese foreign students at UT Dallas. Our mission is promoting cultural exchange, education, and friendship between Vietnam and the international community. We aim to build bridges of understanding and mutual respect between nations and cultures and contribute to developing a peaceful and prosperous global society."
388,"Vietnamese Language Association","Academic Interest","VLA is an educational club designed to help any UTD students, faculty, or staff improve their Vietnamese language skills. This could range from members completely new to the language as well as advanced students at the university who are simply looking to review concepts or practice conversation. VLA will also point members to applicable resources depending on their level. The goal is to prepare members for their personal goals regarding the Vietnamese language, which could be social, educational, or professional in nature."
389,"Vietnamese Student Association","Cultural","The mission of VSA-UTD shall be to promote unity among multicultural backgrounds at the University of Texas at Dallas. The purpose of VSA-UTD shall be to create a safe environment in which a strong, cohesive network of friends and family can be built while participating in university functions, taking part in philanthropic activities, and promoting awareness and appreciation of Vietnamese culture. We will strive to enhance the welfare of the Vietnamese American community and will work diligently to preserve and cultivate Vietnamese American culture."
390,"Vietnamese Student Association ","Cultural","The mission of VSA-UTD shall be to promote unity among multicultural backgrounds at the University of Texas at Dallas. The purpose of VSA-UTD shall be to create a safe environment in which a strong, cohesive network of friends and family can be built while participating in university functions, taking part in philanthropic activities, and promoting awareness and appreciation of Vietnamese culture. We will strive to enhance the welfare of the Vietnamese American community and will work diligently to preserve and cultivate Vietnamese American culture."
391,"Volunteer Proofreaders for Project Gutenberg","Office of Student Volunteerism","Volunteer Proofreaders for Project Gutenberg was formed to provide a completely virtual volunteer opportunity and bring awareness to the vast availability of open access public domain ebooks and online sources. We work together with the 501(c)3 nonprofit ‘Project Gutenberg’ and their affiliate ‘Distributed Proofreaders’. Our organization values philanthropy, access to free information, preserving history, and increasing the knowledge and resources available for our current and future generations.  As a volunteer, you will be given a side-by-side screen of a scanned page from a copyright-free book and a program-generated text that should match the scan. Your job is simply to check for any mistakes that were made in the program’s scan, while also following certain guidelines for formatting the text. These corrections are simple and easy to do, and you can work from your personal laptop at any time. No prior experience is required, and there are no minimum or maximum hours required for membership.  To get started, click on the forms tab, watch our asynchronous orientation video, and fill out the accompanying form.  If you have further questions, please reach out to Manish Samson, manish.samson@utdallas.edu."
392,"Water Polo at UTD","Club Sports","Water Polo at UTD is an organization dedicated to bringing students together to play water polo. Through the sport, students will gain teamwork and communication skills and forge strong bonds in and out of the water."
393,"Wesley at UT Dallas","Religious","To promote a campus Christian movement and concerned Christian ministry of the educational community; to witness in the campus community to the mission, message, and life of Jesus Christ; to deepen, enrich, and mature the Christian faith of college and university students, faculty, and staff through commitment to Jesus Christ and the Church and to assist them in their service and leadership to world, in and through the Church.  The vision is to provide a safe space for college students to discover and live out their faith as disciples of Jesus Christ with a commitment to progressive biblical theology, inclusiveness, missions, and community."
394,"Wesley at UT Dallas","Religious","The Synergy Wesley Foundation is a diverse and affirming campus ministry that provides a supportive space for college students to build authentic relationships and community, grow in faith, discover their gifts, and develop as leaders to transform the world. We celebrate diversity, and welcome and affirm all students. We are LGBTQ-affirming and part of the UTD Rainbow Coalition. We are affiliated with the United Methodist Church, but students do not need to be Methodist (or even Christian) to join. All students are welcome at Wesley!"
395,"Wind Energy Club","Academic Interests","The objective of this organization is to further the knowledge of wind energy and all engineering areas that are within its umbrella. There will be a strong focus on exposing members to the growing industry for the many majors involved. The organization will provide a space for students to meet and discuss renewable energy topics, including (but not limited to) recent advances in the field, research opportunities on campus, and job opportunities within the industries that implement renewable energy. The organization will also participate in the National and Local engineering projects and competitions, including (but not limited to) the US Department of Energy’s annual Collegiate Wind Competition (CWC) when selected, either as a learn-along or competition team."
396,"WinSTEM","Educational/Departmental","Win STEM at UT Dallas is a charitable, service-oriented organization aimed at supporting and recruiting ambitious women to pursue STEM careers through building confidence, community engagement, and opportunity guidance."
397,"Wishmakers","Special Interest","Our mission is to raise money to donate to the Make-a-Wish foundation to aid children who are ill. We organize and execute events where we fundraise and engage students on campus to spread awareness of the organization. "
398,"Women and Children Outreach Program","Social; services","The purpose of this service organization is to be an outreach program for the UTDallas students in which we will serve the underprivileged community in the DFW area. Specifically, targeting women and children affected by domestic violence and homelessness. Through this organization, we hope to involve the students in volunteering opportunities, fundraising for various causes, mentorship programs for the UTD community, and spreading awareness of the impact of domestic violence and homelessness. We will provide UT Dallas students opportunities to grow in leadership, teamwork, and empathy. Additionally, we hope to reach victims and be able to provide them with resources, mentorship, and aid. We value service, leadership, teamwork, and equal opportunity for all."
399,"Women For Welfare","Services","Helping domestic abuse victims through fundraising and volunteering."
400,"Women For Welfare","Services","Helping domestic abuse victims through fundraising and volunteering."
401,"Women in Animation at UT Dallas","Academic Interests","The purpose of WIA is to bring together a community of current and future animation professionals to empower and support women, gender queer, and non-binary identifying students in the art, science, and business of animation. WIA's goal is to promote diversity in leadership roles for underrepresented communities and reach 50/50 representation by 2025 in the animation and games industries. "
402,"Women in Animation at UTD","Academic Interests","Women in Animation (WIA) at its core is about equal representation. This student club is an extension of the international non-profit WIA organization and shares the same mission of promoting the advancement of women, non-binary, and gender queer students pursuing a career in animaton. We envision a world where we all share equally in the creation, production, and rewards of animation, and provide resources and connections to make it happen."
403,"Women in Cybersecurity","Special Interest","Our chapter encourages women to pursue careers in the highly dynamic and expansive field of cybersecurity by offering tools, events, and networking opportunities throughout the year.  The purposes and goals of WiCyS are: 1. To support, engage, and encourage women pursuing careers in fields of cybersecurity. 2. To provide opportunities for personal and professional development while cultivating a community of individuals with similar goals and interests."
404,"Women in Neuroscience","Academic Interests","Our purpose is to provide resources, mentorship, and friendship to our members, with the goal of empowering women in the field of neuroscience. We aim to create a network where women who are completing their PhD in Neuroscience are supported in their personal experiences by peers navigating similar experiences. "
405,"Women in Technology & Business","Educational/Departmental","Women in Technology & Business is a professional organization to support and empower women in technology and business fields and provide them with resources to be successful. In addition, WITB aims to break down the stereotypes surrounding technology and business fields, expose more people to how technology can impact their career path, and encourage more women to join technology and business fields. "
406,"Women Mentoring Women In Engineering","Academic Interests","The purpose of Women Mentoring Women in Engineering is to increase retention of women in the engineering workplace through providing access to long-term and recurring mentoring relationships with women in industry or with graduate students on their respective college campuses. "
407,"Women Pursuing Law","Academic Interests","Women Pursuing Law's (WPL) goal is to provide resources specifically geared towards empowering women in law, politics, and social justice. In an industry where women face unique obstacles such as gender inequality, WPL will be a source of information, education, and inspiration to help future women and non-binary conforming leaders enter the field with confidence."
408,"Women Who Compute","Educational/ Departmental","Women Who Compute is a community for women pursuing careers in engineering and computer science at The University of Texas at Dallas. We aim to provide opportunities for mentorship, personal and professional development, and social bonding with women of paralleled interests in computing."
409,"Women's Dental Society","Educational/Departmental","The Women’s Dental Society is committed to promoting excellence, leadership and professional development for members, particularly women. "
410,"Womens Lacrosse","Club Sports","The Women's Lacrosse team at UTD aims to provide a community for female athletes to play the sport of lacrosse in a fun and safe environment that welcomes all."
411,"Writing Without Purpose","Arts and Music","Writing Without Purpose is a creative writing club in which members participate in weekly writing prompts and showcase them. The type of writing varies from week to week and the prompts are short and simple to allow the writers as much creative liberty as possible. The purpose of our club is to provide people with a love for any form of writing with an outlet to express their ideas and creativity in a safe, judgment-free space. It is our goal to create an environment where one can facilitate their own creative identity, polish their skills, develop or discover new talents, and enjoy the works of others while being able to bounce ideas off of each other."
412,"Writing Without Purpsoe","Special Interest","Writing Without Purpose is a creative writing club in which members participate in weekly and monthly writing prompts and showcase them.  The type of writing varies from week to week, and the prompts are short and simple to allow the writers as much creative liberty as possible.  The purpose of our club is to provide people with a love for any form of writing with an outlet to express their ideas in a safe, judgment-free space.  It is our goal to create an environment where one can facilitate their own creative identity, polish their skills, develop or discover new talents, and enjoy the works of others while being able to bounce ideas off of each other."
413,"Wushu Club at the University of Texas at Dallas","Club Sports","To learn the art of Wushu, taught by our coach who is also the president of the club. Wushu is a Chinese martial art similar to Kung Fu."
414,"XR UTD","Special Interest","XR UTD aims to provide the UTD community with a social and educational forum to learn about, enjoy, and contribute to the understanding and utilization of virtual and augmented reality technologies."
415,"Young Democratic Socialists of America","Political","UTD YDSA is a youth chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America, and a national organization of recognized campus chapters and several hundred organizers across the country. We are students organizing in our university to fight for the immediate needs of students and workers while building our capacity to fight for more structural changes. "
416,"Young Life","Religious","Young Life College values students, their futures, and most importantly their purpose. Our hope is that through deep friendships, camaraderie, adventure and community that students will feel deeply connected to one another as well as connected better to their campus. Our beliefs are that every student has a God given purpose for their lives, and in that they can find true peace and inspiration for their gifts and design. We are super inviting to any and all students on campus, and we plan to support every student in every way possible both with mentorships and friendships."
